Chapter 2: At Home

Author: xXGabrielXx

*000*2013-07-30 09:53

This is the next chapter and I thank y'all very much for your comments. They really helped. Here it goes:

Kaitlen was 5'3", skinny, and on this day she was wearing a black shirt and light grey shorts. She also had the house to herself since her mom was at work

On this day Kaitlen decided she was going to do a holding at home. She decided every hour she would drink a glass of water and set a limit. She would not use the bathroom until 5:00pm since her mom would not be home until 6:00pm.

It was now 10:00am and she did not need to go. She went and got a glass of water and drank it. She then went and watched some TV. an hour later she drank another glass.

Kaitlen was working on her book report at 2:00pm when she realized she really need to go.

She remeber her limit was 5:00pm but she wasn't sure she was gonna make it to her limit.

Kaitlen drank another glass of water. Then her desperation escalted and she jammed her hand between her legs and squeezed her legs together. But despite her efforts she felt a jet of pee shoot into her panties.

Kaitlen knew if she didn't go now she would wet herself. She took one step and realized she was going to make it. It was 2:30pm by this time and she knew she wouldn't make it to her limit.

Knowing she wouldn't make it to the bathroom without wetting herself aroused Kaitlen very much. She felt another jet of pee shoot into her panties.

She squeezed her legs tighter together and pressed her hand against her crotch harder. Then she thought about how good it would feel if she just let go and relieved her bladder and for a second she relaxed.

That second costed her and she felt 2 jets of pee that turned into a stream. It felt so good for Katlen to relive her bladder that she let a small moan escape her.

She stood there for 2 minutes peeing before the stream dwindled and stopped. Then she went upstairs to her bedroom and took care of her other problem :)

Until next time bye :)

