Zero Bathroom Passes This Semester

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2023-05-10 00:20

“Next!” The older administrative woman behind the desk called out to the line of students snaking its way out the office and around the corner.

“Last name?” The woman asked, sounding bored as a young woman, Bella, stepped forward, directly in front of the desk separating the two.

“Perez,” She replied, softly.

“Age?”

”22.”

”Preferred gender?”

”Female,” Bella answered.

”Alright…” The older woman sighed after a pause in the questioning.

“Here is your schedule for this upcoming term, classes, locations, times, ect.” She said, handing several folded pages across the desk.

“This is a list and descriptions of our extracurricular clubs and teams this year,” She continued, handing her yet more pages.

“Annnd here,” the older woman wrapped up, “Is your bathroom pass assignment.”

Bella immediately unfolded this sheet of paper, skipping through most of the top quarter of the page. Skimming down, she saw a “0” in bolded font.

“0?” Bella questioned to herself, though still out loud.

“Seems that way,” the older woman answered, still bored despite Bella’s growing anxiety.

”How?” Bella started, in disbelief. “I’m on campus all 5 days of the week. I… I have days I’ll be here ALL day . How can I possibly… I wasn’t assigned ANY bathroom passes this semester?!?!”

”You’re well aware of the lottery policy in place, Ms. Perez,” The woman at the desk replied without missing a beat.

Bella breathed out. “You’re right. I’m sorry. This isn’t your fault.”

She turned and made her way slowly out of the office, allowing the next student to take her place at the desk.

How could she make it through the entire semester without any bathroom passes? Not a single one. How could this possibly be allowed? How would she even make it through her first day tomorrow?

*004*2023-05-11 00:08

“No… I can’t,” Bella scolded herself as she reached for her water bottle. “I just won’t drink anything today.”

“Let’s go!” Bella’s roommate Lisa called out. “Not trying to be late on our first day.”

“Ready,” Bella conceded, heading out to the car.

“I mean, we have enough time to fill your water bottle.” Lisa offered.

“Can’t,” Bella replied. “I can’t pee on campus today so I HAVE to watch what I drink.”

”Ah man, rough.” Lisa offered. “I totally get you how you feel. I only got 6 bathroom passes per week. Basically once a day. How am I going to manage that?”

“I can’t imagine,” Bella jealously, and sarcastically said.

————————————————

“Welcome to History 342. My name, as you likely saw on your schedules, is Dr. Irene Lenks. Irene is fine. I look forward to our journey through time together this semester,” The mid 40’s blonde but already graying professor started.

“I know we’re not meeting at a particularly energetic time of day, just after lunch, but I encourage each of you to come to class each day embracing the rest and relief of lunch break as you dove into your afternoon studies.”

Bella sighed, her leg bouncing under the desk. Lunch had been anything but restful, and relief felt ages away.

“As this is a 300 level course, we’ll take a deeper dive into the depths of the unexplored waters of each topic,” Irene continued.

Bella pursed her lips. “Please stop referencing water,” she begged under her breath.

“To start the semester off, we’ll look at aqua ducts, dams, reservoirs, irrigation… All the crucial methods our ancient societies managed their water.”

”You’ve got to be kidding me,” Bella whispered, her leg bouncing uncontrollably.

“This includes looking at disastrous floods…”

”Stop.”

”… how humans utilized streams that feed into major rivers and waterways…”

”Oh please stop.”

”… and of course, how our early civilizations managed their waste water,” Irene concluded.

“This can’t be real life.” Bella was beside herself.

“Everybody pees, and what happens to all that pee, all that water matters.”

*006*2023-05-14 23:54

“Bella!” She heard her name called from down the hall after History dismissed.

“Lisa?” Bella asked, confused. “I thought you’d be in the middle of PE right now?”

“I was,” She answered. “Class ended early since it’s the first day and I wanted to catch up with you!”

”But first,” Lisa continued, “I have to go to the bathroom so bad. Come with me?”

”What? No!” Bella responded. “You know I don’t have any bathroom passes today.”

”I know, but time between classes is so short,” Lisa persuaded. “What are you going to do, stand outside awkwardly? Just come with me.”

”You’re not the only one who has to go to the bathroom,” Bella replied. “Except I can’t.”

”Please?” Lisa tried once more.

”Ugh fine,” Bella caved. “But you have to be quick. There’s no way I can be in there long.”

“Perfect!” Lisa excitedly said and started making her way towards the bathrooms, Bella begrudgingly in tow.

”So in Algebra this morning, I was talking to Cindy who is close with Heather’s brother,” Lisa started as she and Bella entered the Women’s bathroom. “And he told her that Heather only has 3 bathroom passes per week this semester.”

Lisa entered the stall and Bella could hear as Lisa very quickly began emptying her bladder.

”3! Can you imagine, Bella? That’s terrible!”

“Yeah… Terrible,” Bella subtly agreed, sidetracked by her environment.

Not only was Lisa happily peeing away, another student or Professor was in a different stall, also relieving herself. Yet another student was at the sink, washing her hands.

“I can’t…” Bella whimpered.

”What’s that, Bella? Lisa asked, still peeing away.

”I gotta get out of here,” Bella replied, exiting the bathroom, leaving Lisa, the other woman peeing, and all the water running behind.

*007*2023-05-17 00:26

“Physics 371 is not beginner’s level,” the instructor Dr. Welf began promptly on time.

“There are high expectations and high stakes for this course,” She continued. “Should you succeed, you will be rewarded with a significant head start for Physics 400 or higher.”

Finally. Something Bella could sink her teeth into and not have to focus on her bladder.

“For the majority of this course, we will focus on the complex concepts of the movement of fluids,” Dr. Welf continued.

Wait… what?

”To start, we will look at concepts of water flow in nature. Fast versus slow flow…”

Please stop saying the word flow

”… We’ll move to water flow altered by humans such as dams as the incredible forces associated with controlling and holding back water…”

I can’t do this. This can’t be really happening.

”… Around mid-semester, we’ll delve into entirely human-altered water flow such as wells and most famously, or should I say infamously, indoor plumbing and specifically toilets…”

The hand of a male student directly next to Bella immediately raised. “Dr. Welf, I’d like to use a bathroom pass.”

”No problem, go ahead,” She answered with barely a thought.

Bella, on the other hand, was overflowing and couldn’t stop thinking about how badly she needed to pee.

*008*2023-05-27 01:30

“Lisa!” Bella called out from down the hall between classes.

“We have to go home. Please drive me home,” She begged more subtly.

“What? No. Why? What’s wrong?” Lisa asked in rapid succession.

“I have to go to the bathroom so bad,” Bella replied, much softer in volume, but still just as urgent and purposeful.

“That’s it?” Lisa chuckled. “I was worried it was something important or really bad. I already know you have to pee. You bailed on me when I was going, remember?”

”Lisa, you don’t understand,” Bella struggled to try and explain. “I have to pee so, SO badly. Please, I literally just have to go home. I can’t even think I have to pee so bad.”

”Bel. I know they were skimpy with bathroom passes this semester. I mean, look at me,” Lisa rebutted. “But you should really use one of yours. You look so uncomfortable.

Bella sighed. “I don’t have any.”

“I know,” Lisa confirmed. “You said you didn’t have any today. But Bel, you’re squirming around, can’t stay still. Maybe use one from another day this week now, and then we can figure out a plan for that day?”

”Lisa,” Bella tried one last time. “I don’t have ANY bathroom passes. Not today, not this week… I have zero bathroom passes for the semester.”

”What? No, they wouldn’t do that,” Lisa again said in disbelief.

“They did, I don’t. Now please? Can you drive me home so I don’t have to wet myself?”

”Oh Bella,” Lisa offered, finally grasping the severity of her roommate’s predicament. “I’m so sorry. I can’t though. My hardest class is the last class of the day. I can’t miss any of it.”

”Look,” Lisa continued, trying to find the bright side to support Bella. “You have gym for your last class. It’ll probably be something easy and you’ll be able to move around without drawing attention and you’ll be able to get your mind off yourself. I promise I will drive us back the absolute second class is over and get you home. You just have to hold it for what? Maybe another hour. Bella I believe in you.”

”Lisa…” Bella tried as the bell rang.

“I’m so sorry Bella. You can do this,” Lisa said, walking away towards class.

Bella was left without a choice. Off to gym class she went, dreaming of going home so she could finally pee.

