Desperate fight

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-07-06 18:16

Ok, so my first shot. It's pretty much a shot in the dark for me in more then one way. I've never written this sort of story before. Hell, I'm still getting used to the idea of writing this down, myself. So I'm probably gonna mess up along the way (pun not intended), but I intend to keep trying.

So with that in mind, I'd appreciate honest feedback (if you choose to reply at all).

Anyway, here goes!

PS. Unless mentioned otherwise, all my stories are one shots, just so you know. And yes, I'm well aware some of them are short. I'm neither good nor confident enough to trust myself with long stories.

###

Tifa nervously looked over the ring. Her fight was coming up fast now. She sighed deeply and thought about her overall situation. To say things were looking financially grim for her was like saying Sephiroth disliked Cloud. She needed money and the bar just wasn't bringing in enough of it to fund her needs. Or rather, it didn't make enough to support her two orphaned children. So she had resorted to fighting in the ring every once in a while to make more money. She was pretty good at it too. Undefeated so far, but that was saying much, since this was only her fourth match. 1500 gil if she won. It'd be enough to tie her over till the end of the month anyway. It didn't sound like such a bad deal, she assumed. One hour of doing what she does best for a few weeks of peace of mind. Zangan would be ashamed to see her use her training to raise money in this manner, but what was a girl to do?

Cloud was gone and there were no signs of him coming back any time soon, so no help coming from that direction.

DING!

The bell woke her from her reveries as it announced her opposition. Some buff woman she'd never heard of before. She was tall, very muscular and sported a onepiece green bikinisuit. She had blonde hair and blue eyes that right now looked right at her, taunting her to come get some.

Tifa sported her usual get up. She couldn't really afford to splurge her precious gil on a fance costume. She wore her typical white tank top, red battle gloves, black leather mini skirt and red sneakers. She fastened her right glove and walked up to the stage as the announcer/referee called her into the stage. She had meant to use the bathroom first, because she always needed to go before a match, but she knew it was pointless. There was only one bathroom in this place and the lines were always way too long. She'd just go after the match, as usual.

As Tifa got into the ring, she sized up her opponent. She was taller, more muscular and far more intimidating then Tifa, but she'd bested larger opponents before.

After the traditional handshake, Tifa went to her corner and waited for the bell to announce the fight.

DING!

And off we go, Tifa thought, as she neared her opponent, her hands held in a loose but ready boxing stance and feet planted slightly apart. Her opponent looked to agressive type, so she decided to let her throw the first punch and go from there. That's when Tifa was hit with the first surprise of the evening. Her opponent may look big and slow, but she was anything but. A quick left hook (easily parried) was followed by a right coming straight at her face. She managed to slide under it, but was unprepared for the kick that came. Tifa was flung backwards and only her years of experience and excellent reflexes kept her on her feet. She staggered, but quickly recovered.

Fast! Didn't see that one coming. But she wasn't about to let that discourage her. She launched at her opponent and assaulted her with a barrage of punches and kicks. For the most part, the two fighters seemed to be tied evenly. Tifa had the advantage of skill and experience, but her opponent had the advantage of stamina and bulk. This is going to take longer then I thought.

Tifa was getting nervous, because her bladder kept demanding to get some attention or better yet, some relieving. The fight had been going on for the better part of an hour and her opponent still looked fresh. While Tifa was far from exhausted, her increasing need to use the bathroom was distracting her. Made her slower and less effective. But what could she do but continue? This was a one round win or lose all kind of fight. She couldn't exactly ask for a pause to use the bathroom.

She gritted her teeth and continued on. She'd discovered soon in the fight that her opponent's left side was her weak side, but for some reason she just couldn't punch a hole big enough to really take some advantage of.

Then came the second surprise of the evening. As the two fighters went toe to toe, her opponent decided to pick up the pace. She attacked Tifa with an incredibly fast series of punches. Tifa could barely keep up. She could barely believe it. Where is this speed coming from? Was she holding back this entire time? Just playing with me?

As Tifa tried to keep pace with the flurry of punches, her bladder picked that exact time to send a mean jab up her abdomen. Tifa gasped and fought the urge to pee. She clenched her legs together and just barely managed to keep from wetting herself. Ofcourse, this came at great expense. Forced to drop her guard, Tifa didn't see the next punch coming and was hit squarely in the stomach.

Her eyes bulged out of their sockets and she doubled over, both arms wrapped around her waist as she went down. She slumped to her side and tried furiously to stop seeing everything double. She coughed and struggled to get back on her feet. She managed to get back on one knee, when her opponent delivered the final blow. A vicious stomp to the chest knocked the wind out of her for the second time in as many minutes. She dropped backwards and lay sprawled across the ring.

Just barely concious, Tifa finally lost the fight with her bladder. As she blacked out, the last thing she could feel was her bladder emptying itself of its contents. She felt the warm liquid form a puddle underneath her butt. Her soaked panties and skirt clinging to her skin. Then the darkness set in...

