Rosalina's little accident

Author: xXInkyXx

*000*2017-10-09 02:23

Haiiii! Inky (Toad XD) here, sorry I rushed this story, I didn't have much time. Anyway, enjoy!! :D

Rosalina stood impatiently, waiting for Peach and Daisy. Today was an exciting day. She waited for them, feeling she needed to pee, but it was nothing for her, she just wanted to see her friends. They were coming at 10:30 (AM) and it was just nearing 9:00 AM.

Rosalina decided to finish up her tea she was drinking in between thoughts. She felt her need to pee become stronger. She told herself she'd wait it out. After all, it couldn't be bad, could it?? Rosalina jammed her hands in her crotch. The only bathroom she had on her starship was being renovated. The Mario Bros. promised her it would be done by the time Peach and Daisy came over. 'ugh..' she thought, her bladder was aching with pain.

As a good 12 mins passed, (idk why I picked 12) Rosalina wasn't waiting around anymore. She felt a dribble of warm pee escape from her body..Oh no, this wasn't a good sign.

She tried to think about other things, but her train of thought trailed a little too far, and a warm spurt tickled her legs and soaked into her underwear. She faintly heard the Mario bros. pack up their tools, so she wouldn't have to wait much longer.

Rosalina stood up, in throbbing pain, waddling over to the bathroom. She was getting closer..and closer...until..Rosalina's bladder gave out. What was a small warm patch spread out from underneath her..she tried to stop it but couldn't. She felt the pee steam out of her and become slower...but another sudden gush of warmth spread all around her underwear and soaked her gown. Many Lumas stared at the sight of her dress becoming darker..It was now 10:25..What would Peach and Daisy have to say!?!?

My writing was bad in this, My bad. ~Inky

*002*2017-10-09 19:47

Thanks :)

