Story :D

Author: xbox2693

*000*2011-09-17 23:18

The first ones are some made-up girls. Might as well start with them, right? The first couple are kinda to get you into what anime wetting is all about.

Jessica was walking home, and, unfortunately, on a full bladder. She knew that she should have gone at school, maybe even stopped at a friend's house. But no, she knew she could hold it. Big mistake. She jammed her key into the lock, and nothing happened. Her legs were twitching. It's probably not in all the way, she told herself. Jiggle it again! She tried jiggling the key further into the hole. She felt something in her shoes, but didn't bother to look. She felt warm though, so she eventually looked down. She just wet herself, and the pee was dripping into her socks and shoes, and dropping off her school skirt and onto the porch. She sighed, and picking up her book-bag, walked inside the house.

Cynthia was walking home. She really needed the bathroom. She knew that she should have used the bathroom at school, but she knew her friend lived across the block. She knocked on the door rather loudly. "Yes?" Her brother opened the door. "Hi, is Abby home?" Abby came to the door just then. "Oh, Cynthia! Come in!" She pushed the red-haired girl in. "What's wrong?" The two girls sat on the couch. Cynthia kept tugging on the end of her skirt, making it so Abby didn't know what was wrong. "Oh, I was just wondering if-I could use your bathroom!" Abby laughed. "Oh, that's all? I though something serious was wrong. Okay, but our dad's taking a shower in there." Cynthia looked around. "How long does he take?" she asked. Abby looked from her friend to her brother. "About 45 minutes. He just got in there, too." Cynthia jumped up from the couch. "Oh, then I shall go home then! Farewell!" she waved.

Cynthia walked slowly, so her bladder didn't spill over. She figured that she could make it to someone's house. She stepped slowly when she felt something in her underwear. A couple drops splashed onto the sidewalk. "Ack!" she cried. Cynthia grabbed her crotch desperately. Her skirt's wet spot kept getting bigger and bigger. "This won't happen! I have to hold it in!" Tears formed in her eyes. She screamed as the urine splashed onto the sidewalk, dripping and dropping.

Okay, now I need some more explaining. Now, it's time for real animes now that you've grasped what anime wetting is. I wanted to do a Fruit Basket one, but it would be similar to Michelle's, so I decided to bag it. Maybe part 2... Anyway, the next ones are all Sailor Moon. Enjoy!

Amy's Pool Party Wetting

Amy relaxed with her back to the chain-link fence. "Ugh! It's so hot!" she complained, even though she was at the pool. The Wind, The Sky was blasting through the speakers until Mina shut it off. "Come swim with us! If you're so hot." Mina asked. Amy waved her off. "Alright, alright. Just give me a second." she said. She watched Serena jump into the pool, spewing water when she made contact. Amy took her wrap off. She knew she didn't want any restriction for what she was about to do. She felt nervous, so she made sure her lower half was covered by a beach chair. She relaxed her muscles. It felt good to finally urinate, even if it was her bathing suit. She noticed her suit darkening, she hoped it wasn't too noticeable.

After she was done, Amy placed her wrap on to fool anybody. "Well, are you coming in or not?" Mina asked, waving. Serena was getting pushed under the water by Raye. Amy pulled her wrap off and noticed the darkness stopped right at her chest. She hoped the water would wash it away. "Alright." she shrugged. "I'm coming!"

Hotaru's Picnic Nightmare

Hotaru sniffed the flowers. "These ones smell delightful!" She enjoyed the way Morning Glories and Roses smelled. Her friend, Jenny, was picking a bouquet of Snapdragons and Forgot-Me-Nots. "Oh, Hotaru! Did you see any Baby's Breaths around here?" Hotaru shook her head no. "Why are they called Baby's Breaths? They smell pleasant, while a real baby's breath stinks like milk and spit-up." Jenny sat down on the checkered blanket and took out the plastic cups. "Which lemonade do you want? The pink or the regular?" Hotaru shrugged. "Do you have black lemonade?" The girl stuck her tongue out.

"Ew! That sounds down-right nasty!" The she giggled. "No!" Hotaru giggled. "Alright, then the pink kind." She poured it in very carefully, making sure not to spill anything. She gulped it down, then had another cup. "I'm going to look at the flowers some more, okay?" Hotaru wiped her mouth off. "Let me know if you find any baby's breaths!" Hotaru rolled the blanket up, then put it into the basket. She felt something move in her body.

"Ack! I probably shouldn't have drunk so much lemonade!" She stacked the cups up and placed them in the separate compartment. Hotaru sat down, hoping to ease the pressure. She clutched her crotch for good measure. She was breathless about the daises she was sitting next too, but didn't dare to move. She felt warm, though. It was comforting. She felt like she just come out of the bath. She opened her eyes wide. The spot she was holding was darker then the others. She felt the tears in her eyes before they dropped. She was a 12 year old girl, and she just peed herself. She hoped her parents would understand.

Michiru Shouldn't Drink Tea Anymore!

Michiru came back from the store early. She was all hot, so she figured that a quick drink should cool her off. She made her favorite-tea. She sat down on the couch and started drinking it. Once she finished one cup, she started until she drank 5 cups! She moved the cups and the tea pot into the sink and rinsed them off. She knew she needed to go to the bathroom, so she knocked on the door.

"Hotaru-chan? Are you in there?' Hotaru answered back. "Yes, but I just had a tea-party for my dolls, and I have at least 10 of them. So this could take a while." Hotaru said. Michiru didn't say she was upset. She was 17, she could hold it. She started reading a book on the couch. After a while, she felt pressure. She stood up and crossed her legs.

"No good!" she cried. She sat down again, then just stood up again and danced around. She put the book up. Haruka came in at that second and saw her lover sitting down, looking worried. She started tickling Michiru. Michiru giggled like crazy. "Stop it! Stop it! I said to stop it!" She accidentally kicked Haruka in the face. "Oh, I'm sorry!" She kissed Haruka on the cheek to apologize. Michiru didn't feel any pressure, which worried her more. She stood up too fast though. She felt warm. She didn't want to look down. "I'm sorry." she cried. Haruka wrapped her arms around her. "What's wrong, Michiru?" Michiru didn't feel like talking. "I think I just wet myself." She started crying. Haruka kissed Michiru. "And I think you're even hotter for it."

