An echidna's endeavor

Author: XxSpyroFanxX

*000*2015-10-01 04:47

This is a Knuckles story I decided to type out and put up, hope you enjoy.

Knuckles, Eggman, Sonic, Tails, Amy and Cream belong to Sega.

"AARRGH!" Knuckles cried out as he delivered a strong punch at a large, metallic door, looking at the unexpected result, he pulled his hand back and stared at the unscathed door, "I-i didn't even leave a dent," with that, he furiously punched the door several times, leaning back a bit, be growled, not liking his entrapment.

He could hear a voice over a nearby intercom, "Might as well give up now, Knuckles, there's no way to escape, not even your strength can break through these doors," Eggman boasted, Knuckles growled loudly, "I will escape! If not...." he trailed off, feeling a slight discomfort from his lower abdomen, he looked down, "Uh oh, that can't be good, I have to get out of here before that gets worse," Knuckles quickly landed several more punches at the door.

He punched and punched as hard as he could, but after several minutes of attacking, his arms grew tired, so he placed his back against the wall and slid down, hitting his rump on the floor, "Oh man, this isn't as easy as it used to be, I hate to say this, but Eggman really upgraded this place," he then looked down at his lap, sighing, he thought, 'Maybe I should've gone before I came here. No, no, I WILL get out of here, then I'll find a place to.. go..' even thinking to himself about stuff like this brought a light blush to his muzzle.

After rubbing his arms to remove some of the pain, he resumed attacking the door, his bladder begging not to be ignored; Knuckles grumbled slightly, and crossed one leg over the other, continuing to punch at the door, he groaned, looking around the room, he quickly shoved his hands between his legs 'No one else is here to see me, so, why not?'

He shifted positions for a bit, but his relief was short-lived, as he heard Eggman's voice again, "Uh oh, gotta go?" then, blushing heavily over Eggman's laughter, he removed his hands from his midsection and attacked the door again, "Gotta... get... out... oooh..... this hurts..." he mumbled, desperately trying to get out.

'Oh no, don't tell me I came all this way to help the others on this mission, only to fail, and, if that wasn't enough, to leave having had an accident' he groaned, embarrassed by that thought, his shoved his hands between his legs again, jumping about, doing this infamous dance that showed he desperately needed a bathroom.

"Wow, Knuckles, you're quite the dancer, aren't you?" Eggman laughed again, Knuckles's blush grew more vibrant as he continued to hop around, he felt his gloves grow warm and about started crying, until he pressed even more tightly on the exit, hoping nothing would escape.

He popped his head up, "Maybe... maybe I can use the Shovel Claws! I can break the door open, or dig a hole to..." he trailed off again, remembering that Eggman could hear almost everything he says, so he lowered his voice, "or dig a hole to... um... relieve myself.." he covered his face, he almost resembled a Christmas light, blushing as bright as he was.

Smirking triumphantly, he reached into his quills, only to blush once more, he didn't have them!

"No, no no no no, out of all the days I forget them! No no no no!" Knuckles seriously felt like crying, he had a strong, painful discomfort from his lower abdomen, and now he can't do anything to escape, and there was nothing to hide behind or in, and nothing he could use to empty his bladder into, so he shoved his hands back between his legs, and bounced around more, tears stinging his eyes.

"Ohh, I have never felt this desperate before, looks like I'm about to have my first accident in years! Oh I hate this, but I have no other option.'

Tears streaming down his muzzle, he cried out, "GAHHH!" as the flood he attempted to hold back finally rushed out of his body, completely drenching his socks and shoes, as well as leaving a rather large puddle on the metal flooring.

Knuckles groaned in disbelief, however, another part of him felt greatly relieved; he removed his yellow-stained, gloved hands from his midsection, but instead of doing anything, he just stood there, staring at the now wet floor, silently crying.

After what felt like forever, he heard the door behind him open, "Knuckles! There you are! We were looking everywhere for you!" the voice sounded like Sonic, he turned to see Sonic, Tails, Amy and Cream run in, he turned away from all of them, not wanting to be in this situation, right now all he wanted was to be back on Angel Island, hiding away in a dark cave.

He felt someone rub his back soothingly, and he sniffed, turning to face the others, but refusing to meet their eyes.

He stared down at his urine-drenched feet in embarrassment, he could feel some of the liquid soaking inside his shoes 'Well, these are ruined' he thought.

It was a while before Amy decided to speak up, "Come on, Knuckles, we'll get you dried off and feeling better in no time," she offered a soft smile; Knuckles merely huffed quietly and followed them, saying, "I'm sorry, I just couldn't wait any longer and just..." he sniffed, fresh tears leaking from his eyes.

"It's okay, mister Knuckles, it happens to all of us," Cream said softly.

Knuckles sighed and said, "That was the first accident I have had since I can remember, but, surprisingly, it felt good, to finally be able to let go of all of that stress and embarrassment."

Tails chuckled and said, "Everything has to start somehow, but for now, let's just get you cleaned up, and a new pair of gloves and shoes," to which Knuckles actually allowed a soft laugh at.

