Paradox ending, addendum

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-09-23 16:28

A very short story, based off the paradox ending Test Subjects in Final Fantasy XIII-2.

For those of you not familiar with the game, a short and hopefully clear overview of the situation.

A godlike, timetravelling machine known as Proto Fal'Cie has captured a fellow timetravelling girl and her companions, whose mission it is to clear the timeline of any paradoxes (events that shouldn't be, but somehow came to pass anyway). Adam himself is one of those paradoxes and captured them to protect itself and ensure his survival.

The story picks up sometime during Adam's attempts at 'rebooting' Serah and Noel.

It's a bit unusual, but I thought I'd give it a try.

As always, I hope you enjoy and tell me what you think.

###

Test subject name: Serah Farron.

Age: 21.

Origins: Records show subject to be from the original Cocoon. Further records not available, due to timeline being erased.

Current threat level: 6%. No complications expected. Emergency stasis cell fully functional in case of temporal flux.

Current goal: Test subjects field capabilities in the field of combat. Specifically, testing subjects endurance.

Location: Bresha Ruins 300 AF.

Weather conditions: 2 degrees Celsius, mild snow and wind conditions. Everything within normal parameters. Subject biosignatures within normal parameters.

Subject has remained on standy at current location for the past 24 hours. Subject has not engaged in activities of any kind.

Retrieving subject unit. Standy.... Tracing subject biosignature... biosignature detected.... commending retrieval procedure... procedure in progress....standby....procedure complete.

Scanning subject. No anomalies detected. Mild cases of frostbite detected. Applying medical care. Alert: Subject displaying sudden, unforeseen biological activity. Tracing source. Source detected.

Subject bladder capacity exceeding normal parameters. Remaining standby. Searching database for solutions.

WARNING: unknown substance entering containment cell holding subject A. Scanning. Subject appears to be source of substance. Analyzing data. Subject appears to be excreting fluids from the waste below. Analyzing data.

Alert: Subject has ceased biological activities. Analyzing sample of fluid. Fluid appears to hold no agressive properties. Transferring vials to the labs for further examination. Returning subject to stasis cell.

Accessing files on human behaviour. Searching....

File found. Opening file....

Subject appears to be victim of a condition humans refer to as peeing. Searching for solution. Probability of event occuring again: 99.5%. Calculating event into subject's combat efficiency.

Result: effect negligible. Event seems to have no negative repercussions on subjects metabolism.

Closing file....

