Mutually waiting

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2024-08-26 01:13

May I take my morning pee? Please?

I smiled at the text, still laying in bed.

Are you going to shower before class? I replied.

The three dot bubble appeared immediately. Yes.

Then yes, you may take your morning pee in the shower.

Thank you! 🙂

My smile was renewed. This was fun. I’d been in charge of her bladder for the past month, and it was still fun.

I rolled the cocoon of blankets off myself to start my day, feeling the morning heaviness of my own bladder beneath the waistband of my black cotton underwear.

If I didn’t live in a college dorm, I’d walk to bathroom with nothing else on. But seeing that I shared a bathroom with 50 other women in our early twenties, I decided to be cordial and slipped into a pair of flannel pajama pants and a T-shirt.

Walking down the long, straight hallway, I could hear the first stirrings of my neighbors also getting up and ready for the day.

The bathroom door has had a lock ever since there was someone’s boyfriend found using it one night last year. I have no problem with the bathroom being locked. Honestly, it adds an interesting element sometimes. I have an issue with what the lock is. You have to scan your student ID, type in your birthday on the keypad, THEN swipe your student ID. That’s a LOT of steps for a room that may be needed emergently.

This morning though, I had no issues, got right in, and brushed my teeth at one of the sinks.

The bathroom was set up with a row of 6 sinks on the left with one long mirror above them and a long shelf on the right wall. Down a short hall to the left was six shower stalls. Down a separate short hall to the right of the sinks was 4 toilet stalls against the far wall, and six urinals on the interior wall.

This building used to be all male and was converted in the ‘90’s, but clearly not all the way. I don’t mind them being there. They’re kind interesting. I, like most of us that live here, mind there being only 4 stalls for the fifty of us. Gets a little tight sometimes.

On this morning though, I decided to skip them entirely, opting to hold on to my morning water for a while. Let the day take me where it may.

Back in my room, I got changed properly, (light yellow T shirt, dark jeans, sneakers, same pair of black underwear, and I added an old white sports bra), and made my way to my first class of the day. In my way out of the building, I had to pass by our bathroom once again, now stuffed to capacity with a cacophony of commotion as well as I assumed an abundance of morning bladders finding their relief.

Class was pretty dull. It was a pre-requisite so I only had to minimally pay attention. I casually sipped from my water bottle, so by the time class ended an hour and a half later, my morning bladder had become a full bladder.

I felt it digging into my waistband and belt. I wasn’t desperate yet, still certainly in control, but definitely uncomfortable.

I bought a large iced tea from the cafe and made my way over to the library. I planned to be here until lunch time, working on a lengthy paper. I had no plans or expectations for my bladder outside of continuing to let her fill for the time being.

Ding! My phone alerted, earning a scowl from my fellow library occupants.

I switched it to silent and opened my messenger app.

May I please go to the bathroom?”

Already? It had only been, what, 3 hours since I gave her approval?

So soon? I texted back.

I had a lot of OJ with breakfast and I’m about to go to my 2 hour lab. She answered.

Will you make it through your lab?

Her response came more slowly this time. I think so.

Then I think you should wait.

I felt a little mean denying her relief before starting a clearly long lab class, so I added, I haven’t gone yet today, myself.

Really?

Yes, really. I skipped my morning pee at the dorm, and am at the library now.

Don’t you have to go? She asked.

Yes. It’s a little uncomfortable, but I’ll be okay for a bit longer.

Are you going to wait until after I get out of lab? She asked. Was she challenging me? I hadn’t planned to wait that long. I was downplaying my need to her a little. But now I couldn’t back down. That didn’t mean I had to make it easy on her.

I wasn’t planning to. I haven’t peed since before I went to bed last night. I drank a lot of water in my last class and have a large iced tea with me right now. Being fully transparent, I’m really feeling it. Waiting that much longer would be a challenge. Would you like me to try?

Her answer came immediately. I’d LOVE it if you tried.

Okay. I’ll do my best. I’m pretty uncomfortable right now, but I’ll try to wait until you’re out of lab.

That’s amazing. She replied. There was a brief pause before she sent a second message, I’m going to have a difficult afternoon for this, aren’t I?

I smiled and sent back, I have ideas.

*006*2024-08-26 23:59

I was bursting.

The iced tea that had been sitting on the library table earlier had transitioned to sitting heavily in my filled bladder. I could feel my pulse thump around the balloon of water and every so often my whole core would contract in an effort squeeze some out.

I couldn’t stay at the library anymore. It was too much, so I gathered my things and gingerly started my way back to my dorm.

I don’t know how people run or move so quickly when they have a full bladder. I can’t. Every movement has to be thought out and done slowly.

I felt like I was waddling on my walk back, the increasingly heavy ball of liquid between my legs trying to sink lower with every step.

Finally making it back to my room, I carefully slid myself onto my bed, free to push a hand between my crossed legs to try and stem the soon-to-be inevitable result.

I checked my phone to see what time it was and how long I might have left and was greeted with a new text from her.

How ya doing? Can I go to the bathroom yet?

Come to my room. I quickly replied.

I had to take slow, deep breaths while impatiently waiting, but finally, there was a gentle knock at my door. I slid myself off my bed, and cautiously went to the door, barely stopping to acknowledge my companion. “Follow me,” I said, making my way past her and down the hall.

I went through the bathroom door lock ritual as quickly as I could, losing concentration as I struggled to keep control. Holding back the flood waters left no brain power for this normally menial task, making it feel complicated and never ending.

She followed me into the bathroom, clearly ready to go and started heading towards the first stall.

“Nope,” I said, stopping her mid stride.

“Follow me,” I continued, motioning towards the stall I was going to go in.

She entered the third stall, followed immediately by myself. “Don’t even think about it,” I directed, knowing she was starting to pull her jeans down as I was locking the stall door.

I turned, lowering my own jeans and still (barely!) dry underwear before sitting on the toilet.

I wasn’t even fully sitting before I could feel my muscles give out. I had done all I could, held as long as possible. I was no longer in control as my powerful stream poured out of me, splashed against the porcelain.

“Nooo,” she said softly, probably mostly to herself. Her eyes wide, legs crossed.

She let a long slow breath out as I continued to empty myself, holding my legs slightly apart so the volume of my relief was nice and loud.

My stream just kept coming and coming and coming, barely slowing. At the same time, she withdrew further and further into herself, clearly getting closer and closer to a disaster.

Finally, I trickled off and was empty. I sighed loudly, slumping back for a moment to savor the bliss of feeling empty for the first time of the day.

“Can I go now?” She asked before I had even grabbed any toilet paper. I looked at her and replied, “not yet.”

I cleaned myself and stood up. She started to pull her pants down again as I unlocked the stall door and pulled it open. Her eyes went wide as she froze. “What are you doing?”

“I believe the plan was you were going to follow me. So… Follow me,” I replied stepping out of the stall.

“No, but I’m here and you went and I need to go and…”

“Follow me,” I reiterated, walking back to the door. I could ever so slightly hear her whimper behind me, but she followed, taking her steps carefully. She looked like how I felt a few minutes ago. Clearly, she had a balloon filled to busting sitting on top of her pelvic floor.

Part of me felt bad. I was being a little mean. But then I remembered before we started all of this, when we created a safe word. She hadn’t used it yet and ultimately, she could do whatever she wanted. I wasn’t forcing anything. Some part of her had to be enjoying this. Maybe even as much as I was.

*010*2024-08-27 19:19

“Take your pants off,” I directed once we were back in the privacy of my room.

“What…? Why…? I… I’m not sure that’s a good idea. I really have to go,” she attempted to counter.

I raised an eyebrow and repeated, “off.”

She shut her eyes for a moment, gathering the courage and willpower needed to complete her task.

She slid down her jeans, revealing pink and light blue checkered fitted underwear.

And just as I suspected, between her legs, was a dark patch. “When did that happen?”

“Umm. A bit ago,” She weakly offered.

“How did it happen?” I tried.

“When you were going, I tried so hard. I really did. But I just couldn’t hold all of it right after you started. The sound and being in the bathroom, in the STALL…. It was just too much.”

“Okay… Seeing as you’ve let some out, how badly do you need to go right now?” I asked.

“I… I barely let any out. A few drops. Maybe. I still have a full bladder. Please let me pee soon.”

I nodded. “Pull your pants back on.”

I gathered a few things as she did so and we once again made the trip down the hall to the bathroom. This time though, I focused on the lock, making sure not to do any of the steps too quickly. I didn’t want to risk messing up and having to start over.

She was over my shoulder the entire time. I didn’t think she could get any closer and she almost pushed me out of the way the moment the door unlocked and started to open.

“Stop,” I said as she was already almost running towards the stalls.

“No, please,” she whined.

“Wrong way,” I replied.

She looked utterly confused for a moment until she realized what I meant. “You want me to pee in the shower?” She asked, looking almost relieved at the prospect of being allowed to go soon.

“No,” I said. “I don’t want you to pee in the shower.”

“But… Then why are we going to… Oh. Oh no!” She stammered, realizing what I was implying.

With a defeated look, she walked towards the showers, softly saying “I don’t think I’ll make it,” as she passed me.

In the shower area, I instructed, “clothes off.”

She slowly obliged, but stopped short as I started taking my shirt off.

I just smiled at her and continued undressing in front of her.

I turned on the water to comfortably warm in the shower stall closest to us as she finished undressing. I glanced over and said, “looks like that wet spot grew a little.”

“I really can’t hold it,” She replied. “I’m just sort of leaking constantly now.”

“No problem,” I offered, holding the shower curtain open for her.

She had a questioning look as I said, “after you,” but that didn’t stop her from getting under the shower stream. I followed her in, shutting the curtain behind us.

*012*2024-08-28 19:27

I could feel the desperation emanating from her as we stood facing each other fully naked in the shower. This was the first time either of us had seen each other in the nude.

“Don’t even think about it,” I said, hoping I was still a step ahead. I saw her knees bend slightly, her core tightened, her butt sticking out just a bit more.

“About what?” She teased.

“You’re going to try and sneak a pee,” I said through a smile.

“It’s actually not even that,” She replied. “It’s just kind of… I’m sort of just… I don’t know how to explain it, but pee is coming out despite me trying to hold it and I’m honestly losing the fight.”

“I can help with some motivation,” I said. We were already standing facing each other, so I stuck out one of my legs, and gently spread hers apart with my hands. I moved my leg so it was between hers. This resulted in my womanhood being dangerously close to her bare leg. I didn’t mind though, and it didn’t appear she did either.

“If you let go of any more than a dribble, now I’ll know,” I said.

I could feel her legs tighten around mine as she replied, “it may not be much of a choice. I really can’t hold it anymore.”

“I want you to try,” I encouraged. “Try not to pee on me.”

Her already tight core tightened a bit more, her bulging bladder clearly visible now, obviously begging for release. I was sure she could feel every heartbeat pulsing through, adding to her already bursting pressure.

Yet she held it. Mostly. I could feel a little dribbling that definitely wasn’t shower water, but no stream, spurt or other active peeing. She was doing incredible.

It didn’t take long before I could hear her whimper once again. At the same time her knees squeezed tighter into my leg.

“Do you want to pee?” I asked.

She didn’t even answer, simply nodded her head.

“You did so well. I’m proud of you,” I said, pulling my leg from between hers, her thighs and knees instantly snapping closed.

I took a step back and offered her relief, “you may pee now.”

Immediately, she wasted no time at all in spreading her legs, bending further at her waist, and letting loose of her torrential stream.

She was facing the shower curtain and her jet stream fired straight out from her, splashing against the curtain. I grabbed her shoulders and partially turned her so she was peeing against the tile wall, making slightly less noise and mess.

She started to sigh in relief which progressively got louder and became concerning someone else could walk in and hear, mistaking what was happening. I quickly put my hand over her mouth and she moaned into it as I felt her whole body contract in pleasure and relief, forcing her stream out even harder.

The amount she was releasing, the amount she had been holding left me speechless and impressed. I thought she’d never stop.

When finally her bladder bulge disappeared, her stream went from splashing the wall, to reaching the wall, to finally just flowing straight down from her and stopping. She was gasping for breath in her relief as I held onto her shoulders.

“That felt so good I could kiss you,” she whispered.

