Holding competition

Author: ,,,,

*000*2022-01-19 00:06

I wanted to do a holding competition interactive! I haven't ever written anything before but The contestants are:

A. Allison - 18, bladder can hold about a liter. She's cocky and sure she will win. She has a B cup. She can hold pretty well. She is wearing jeans and a belt.

B. Sarah - 20, also cocky but her bladder can hold up to a gallon! But, once she gets desperate she has trouble holding it and wets herself frequently. She's confident about winning. She has a G cup. She is wearing a tube top (and probably not a bra) along with a tube skirt that's too tight for her to cross her legs without it probably ripping.

C. Jess - 24, shy and quiet and her bladder can hold around 700 ml. When she get's desperate she can hold it for a while, but ones she starts peeing even if a baby splurt; she can't stop. She is a J cup and is very curvy down there as well. She is wearing an unbuttoned lowcut shirt and booty shorts.

D. Andi - 21, confident and ambitious and her bladder can only hold about 500 ml! She isn't too sure about winning but will try her best. She can hold pretty well and has a C cup. She is wearing a tight 25 cm skirt with a visible panty line.

There will be 3 rounds. 2 Players will go against each other in the first two, and the remaining winning two will do the last round. Please pick the two that will go first

*004*2022-01-20 22:54

We will start round 1 with Sarah and Allison.

Both girls will start with a bladder of 50%

50% being first signs of desperation/needing to go in general

60% being more desperate

70% being squirming

80% little splurts, squirming, hands on crotch, crossed legs

90% everything in 80% + bigger splurts and heavy breathing/gasping

100% wetting or almost wetting

Some of them will be able to hold it at 100% while some may wet themselves before.

Before we can actually start , please decide Sarah will drink and what Allison will drink and decide on who you want to win!

*006*2022-02-08 01:04

Sarah and Allison are each given 1 liter of iced tea. The both of them being competitive, chug it as fast as they can trying to finish it faster than the other. Which, they both soon realize was a terrible mistake. After about 30 minutes, Allison starts crossing her legs. She starts to seem like all of the liquid is starting to get to her. Sarah can't cross her legs with her skirt being too tight. But, with a bladder that big it seems she isn't too desperate yet.

Sarah's bladder: 63%

Allison's bladder: 75%

