Terra's flight

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-07-08 17:18

First off: Here's a little tidbit of information about myself. If you don't care, then by all means feel free to skip right to the story just below the lines.

For those of you that are curious enough, let me explain a few things. First of all, I write rather short stories and virtually all of them involve already existing characters. Most of the time, these are characters from Final Fantasy (big fan) or Pokemon (No, I'm not too old for that) and the likes.

Second of all, unless I state otherwise in my description, there are no sequels to my stories. There will however be new stories posted on a regular base adhering to above rules.

With that in mind, I urge you to keep your comments honest, (if you choose to say comment at all, ofcourse) even if that means pointing out things you didn't like (especially then).

I hope you enjoy reading my stories, as much as I enjoy writing them.

###

Terra started getting nervous. Oh, sure there were plenty of reasons to get nervous on this strange new world. For one, there was the fact that no one remembered anything. None of the other Cosmos warriors had any memory of where they came from or why they were here. They all knew the same thing. You were supposed to find your crystal by following the strongest feeling in your heart. Easier said then done, ofcourse.

Then there was the fact that the enemy was relentless, outnumbered them by who knows how many to one and any single Chaos warrior seemed to know more about this place then all Cosmos warriors combined.

And let's not forget the fact thet enemy had a virtual army of manikins under their control. A luxury the Cosmos warriors could only dream of. As a matter of fact, her companions were fighting some of those right now. As they had countless times before and as they would countless more times, until they could figure out the mystery of the crystals. That was their only hope.

These things made her nervous, but right now, they paled in comparison to a much more urgent problem of a more physical (and embarassing) nature. She had felt it coming quite a while ago, but she'd supressed it, simply because she had to. The tempo at which the fights came on this world was nothing short of brutal, unrelenting and insanely fast. Right now, her companions were fighting them. She'd tried to help them, ofcourse, but they'd sent her back almost immediately. They could handle it, they said. She needed to guard the rear and ensure the group had a way out, if worst came to worst.

As she scouted the perimeter, her discomfort grew to near unbearable levels and she landed behind a rock to regain her composure. It worked, for now, but it wouldn't work much longer.

If she didn't relieve herself soon, her bladder informed her, he'd take charge and do it for her, regardless of circumstances. There was another problem of sizeable amounts that had been concerning her the last hour and a half or so.

Ridiculous as it might sound, her clothes were a problem. Or rather, the design of her clothes was. She wore a onepiece red leather jerkin (only altered to fit a woman), a mini skirt over her hips, her usual stockings and detached sleeves and a cape. The problem was if she needed to go to the bathroom, she'd need to remove most of her clothing. The jerkin was closed at the bottom so in order to remove it, she litterally needed to strip it down and remove it completely.

She'd tried to keep it on while doing her business at one time and had made a complete mess of it. She'd ruined it completely. Furthermore, in order to do that, she first needed to remove her skirt, which was draped over her jerkin and hips and for obvious reasons her stockings as well. While it was not necessarily needed to remove her cape, she usually did so anyway (and again she was reminded of the mess it made if she didn't). Only the detached sleeves formed no problem, but they didn't exactly do much to cover her modesty.

In short, she'd have to get naked just to use the bathroom.

She peeked from behind the pillar where she was 'standing guard' and saw that the warriors of cosmos were still engrossed in combat. They were on the winning hand, but it'd still take a few more minutes before they were done. Nowhere near enough time to answer nature's call. Not that she would go even if she did. She was way too close to them and the idea of getting caught while peeing was bad enough but getting caught peeing completely nude was unbearable. That was NOT going to happen.

Usually, when they camped for the night, Terra got her own space well away from the otherwise male company and they respected her privacy. If they needed to approach her, they did so noisely and announced their approach well ahead of time, just in case.

As she stood there, unable to make a decision, Terra leaned against the pillar and (very uncharacteristic of her) shamelessly grabbed her crotch to help relief some of the pressure.

Oooh, hurry up! she thought. She continued to wait a few more minutes, and tried not to think about it.

"Terra! Where are you?" Terra's eyes shot open and she got up from her position, too fast.

A spurt of warm liquid escaped into her jerkin and she reflexively clamped her legs together to stem the flow. When she felt another spurt escape, despite her heavy protests, she slid up her skirt a bit and held on to her crotch with one hand, hoping that would be enough. It was. For now. She regained a measure of her composure and straightened out her skirt a bit.

They were still looking for her. And then it hit Terra. Why should she wait here? They had just fought off a large wave of manikins, right? That means things were safe for now, right? Surely, she could slip away just long enough to relieve herself and then come back? She'd just make up some story about how she chased a few of them around to help. Or something like that.

Terra made up her mind and quickly dashed away. She didn't dare risk flying just yet. They might spot her and go after her. She quickly made it to what looked like a safe open field and risked levitating a few feet in the air to help her scan the surroundings. Fortunately, it was a flat landscape. And even more fortunate and to her incredible relief, she saw a patch of high grass not 5 minutes from her position. 2 if she flew.

She decided not to take the risk of full on flight, but dashed just a few feet over the ground in that direction. As she hurried over there, the very idea of relief being so close caused her excited bladder to release another spurt. And another. Terra moaned and stopped mid dash, before she completely lost control. She squatted down and wrapped both her arms around her waist in an attempt to regain control. It worked again, but something told her this was the very last time her bladder would take any command from her.

Now desperate to make it, she made it into the patch and frantically kicked off her shoes. She should probably check the area just to make sure one last time, but the increasing need to pee completely overtook her. The thought of not peeing her pants litterally consumed her. She practically yanked her cape off and tossed it aside with one hand as the other already frantically worked to unclasp the buttons on her skirt.

Somehow, her fingers deftly found their way and her skirt quickly slid over her hips and fell to the ground. She almost tripped over it, but a fierce and desperate kick launched it to god only knows where. As she did that, she felt a jet of hot urine stream out and she unceremoniously grabbed her clit with both hands trying to jam the hole. Her knees buckled and her legs cramped up from being clutched so tightly, but her bladder grudgingly abstained from his control for at least a few more seconds.

She hurriedly straightened up and both her hands tried to shove the jerkin down, over her modest bust. The leather initially refused to give way, but her desperate strength quickly overcame that and she yanked it down, not caring about the vicious tear she caused on her own back or her exposed breasts.

She hooked both thumbs down the elastic that kept her stockings in place and just as she pulled them down, her bladder decided he'd had enough of taking orders from her and that it was his time to reign.

Terra's face flushed as she felt the initial stream of pee litterally spurting out, making a gracefull bow on its way out. She covered her vaginal aread with one hand, in a vain attempt to make it stop. Then she quickly regained herself and removed her stockings entirely.

Or she did so, in her imagination anyway. She stood bouncing on one foot, trying to get the stubborn stocking to slide over the other, all the while continuing to pee uncontrollably. She felt the warm liquid trickling down her leg. In her mind's eye she could see herself, bouncing up and down, naked while trying to remove her stockings and wetting all over herself. She blushed fiercely. Finally, it gave way and instead of repeating that process with her other foot, she shook it fiercely kicking the stocking off.

Finally freed of all her clothing (barring the detached sleeves) she quickly ran starknaked a few feet in one direction, hand still tucked between her legs, leaving a trail of pee behind her. Her legs were soaked by now, but she'd made it.

She squatted down and finally gave way. Her relief was palpable. She sat there for what felt like minutes, and answered nature's call, not even caring that the puddle started to form around her feet. Finally, as her senses started to return to her and her state of desperation subsided, she overthought the situation.

And that's when she realized something. Something she would have noticed much earlier, if she had had access to her full senses. There was a dark vicious wind blowing. The unnatural kind of wind that nature was unable to produce. But magic wasn't. It was coming from the direction she had run off to just moments earlier. The opposite direction of where the warriors of cosmos would come from, who were now undoubtedly looking for her. Chaos warriors ocourse. Who else?

But magical or not, wind was still wind. And this one was quickly picking up in force. As Terra got back to her feet, she felt the wind caressing her, sliding over her breasts, tummy and between her legs. And as she looked down, her heart stopped in pure terror. She had no clothes on. Ofcourse she didn't. She never did when she took a bathroom break. She slowly turned around on the balls of her feet and what she saw there shocked her so hard that for a moment she was sure her heart would never beat again.

In that wind, the wind that nature could never create, flew her clothes, all in different directions. Kefka himself could not have thought of any plot that would humiliate her more. All barring her shoes, who were reinforced with metal. But like her sleeves, shoes did little to cover her modesty. She heard Onion knight's cry in her mind once again, 'Terra! Where are you?'

They were looking for her! And they couldn't be any more then a few minutes behind...

*005*2012-07-09 16:15

{{: 

Looking good so far! Are you a Yu-gi-oh fan? Cause i've always wanted to see someone do an omo fic of Mai, Tea or Serenity(yeah I prefer using the dub names).

}}

Used to be. Been a long time, though. Haven't played the card game since I discovered Magic: The Gathering and haven't watched the anime in a long time either. I think I still remember it well enough to consider the possibility of an omo story though. I'll see what I can do, but I can't promise it'll be in sync with the character's personalities. Like I said, it's been a long time.

*011*2012-07-11 18:00

{{: 

Ok thanks, my basic concept for the story is having one of the female characters getting desperate while in a duel.

}}

Well, I came up with a story that I'm going to write and post tomorrow. It doesn't have a Yu-Gi-Oh duel in it, though. It features Serenity, and I don't remember ever seeing her duel, so instead I went a bit more mainstream with some nods to the Yu-Gi-Oh universe.

I am working on a second story with a duel, however. That'll most likely feature Mai and Tea, but that one won't be up until sometime next week.

