Backseat Bursting

Author: XninjaX

*000*2013-08-17 23:36

Hello everyone,

This is a story I found while looking around on www.asstr.org.

Before reading this, please note that it does have fictional, youth characters. It also has graphic language while discussing peeing.

Backseat Bursting - Pass the Toilet

By Anime_Lover

"Ohhhh... I gotta pee so bad!" whines one of three fifteen year oldtriplets, sitting on the couch-like seat in the far back of a van,clutching her crotch in a desperate need to hold on. The sister, Jessica, dressed in a pink T-shirt and jeans, her hairstyled in a braided ponytail, wasn't alone in her struggle. Her twosisters, Kelly and Ginny, occupying the middle of the van, sitting in theleft and right seat respectively, also had their hands between their legs,squirming at various intensities. "Heh, what's the chances that all of us have to pee so bad at the sametime though?" chuckles Kelly, sitting in the left chair, smiling as shetries to find some amusement with the situation. Kelly, unlike Jessica, wore a white tank-top with a matching pleatedwhite skirt, her un-styled hair reaching her shoulders.

"No jokes please." groans Ginny, sitting in the right chair, eyes closedand rocking back and forth. Ginny, wore a yellow T-shirt and and jean 'hot-pants', revealing much ofher blemish-free legs. Along with the sisters, the need to empty the bladder also extended tothe front of the van, both, the driver, the triplets thirty-seven year oldmother, Rachael and the passenger, the triplets ten-year old cousin, Becky,were also in need of a toilet. "Just hold on for a little while longer girls." comments the mother asshe continued to drive on the freeway, who thankfully, wasn't as desperatefor a toilet as the others, since she also needed to focus on driving,though she was going a little faster than normal... "There's a rest stopup ahead around this turn."

"Hurryyyyy!" whines Becky, trembling in desperation. "I don't think Ican hold it anymore!" the little girl cries out, dressed in a pink sundressand clutching herself firmly. "Just a few more minutes..." urges Rachael, briefly looking to the smallgirl with slight concern, "Just hold on a little longer." she adds, beforedirecting her next comment to her daughters behind her. "How are you guysdoing back there?"

"I-I should be able to hold out until we get there." answers Jessica. "Yeah, me too." adds Kelly. "I-I dunno..." groans Ginny. "I'm in the same boat as Becky. I d-don'tknow how much longer I got."

"Well if your gonna have an accident don't do it on the seat." commentsRachael. "Geez, thanks for the vote of confidence mom." retorts Ginny. Upon the Rachael going into the turn, not even half-way through it shesees a build-up of vehicles and quite soon, rounding the corner, her heartsunk as she sees a sea of vehicles in front and was forced to come to astop. The subsequent "Awwww..." from Becky and the sensation of the vanslowing caused the triplets to lift their gaze and Kelly questioning, "Whyare we-" though she didn't get far before to her horror, seeing thetraffic-jam ahead.

"That's so not fair!" whines Jessica, before leaning to her left ontothe long seat and clutching herself harder. "What are we gonna do!?" desperately asks Ginny. "There's no way we'llhold out long enough now!" While the groans and whines persisted for the next few moments, it allbriefly came to an end as Becky suddenly declares... "I can't hold it any more!" The little girl lifting her legs up to her chest with a groan as herhold began to crumble, her pee, unseen at the moment, trickling out of her,damping her panties. "It's... c-coming out!"

"Ok! Ok! Hold on!" quickly replies Rachael, hurriedly trying to findSOMETHING nearby in the van that could help. "I can't stop iiiit!" wails Becky as her hold crumbles further, thetrickle becoming a gentle stream as the crotch of her panties becamesaturated enough for her pee to start flowing through the fabric and theback of her dress beginning to absorb the liquid before a small puddlebegan to form in her chair. Rachael soon sees the only useful thing, a nearly empty bottle ofMountain Dew. Quickly taking it from the cup-holder, the woman quicklyunscrews the cap and hands it to Becky.

"Here! Use this!" If not for the accident in progress, Becky would've questioned about thefew gulps of pop that remained, instead, she took it without question,hurriedly lifting her dress and pulling the crotch of her panties aside,revealing her hairless little flower and a stream of clear pee flowing fromher before quickly placing the mouth of the bottle against her and with thesteady sound of liquid meeting liquid, the young girl gave a sigh of reliefand the flow intensified, although, while one of the five had found relief,the sight and sound of Becky's relief only made the others need to pee evenworse. "Just great..." groans Jessica, laying on the long seat. "I gotta peeeven worse now! I don't know how much longer I can hold out."

"I-I think I'm reaching my limit..." groans Ginny, lifting her legs upmuch like Becky had done. "There has to be something else here we can use." states Kelly, removingherself from her seat with a groan before heading to the back of the vanwhere Jessica lay and looking behind the seat, searching for some kind ofcontainer that they could pee in. A long few moments later, groaning from her increasing need to pee,Kelly could find nothing of use, the one pop bottle she did find, was toobeat up to use.

"There's nothing back here!" whines Kelly, leaving the seat andreturning her hand back to her crotch. All hope of dry panties seemed to be lost, the vehicle hadn't moved aninch and the whines and groans increased. The triplets mother, now alsolooked to be in a desperate need now as well with seeing Becky finishingher relief as the young girl sat back, eyes closed with a big smile on herface as the sound of her pee flowing into the bottle came to gentle end,soon lifting the bottle up to reveal that it was as close to full withoutspilling out, which she secured with the cap.

"I feel SO much better now!" declares Becky. "Well that makes one of us." comments Rachael with a smile. "I really don't wanna have an accident!" groans Ginny, squeezing herhands between her tightly clenched thighs. Moments into the group silently and reluctantly accepting the fate of animminent group wetting; Jessica, nearly willing to give up, gave one moreattempt at finding something of use, looking under the seat she was layingon... When she saw it, at first, she didn't think anything of it, just a smalldirty towel, Jessica briefly looked over it, before a realization suddenlydawned on her and in her excitement, she nearly had an accident then andthere as she quickly pulls the towel from under the seat, revealing it tobe a rather large face towel. "We can use this!" she quickly declares, pulling the dirty towel free. Her sisters and mother all look to her and Kelly asks first... "A dirty old towel? H-How would we use that besides after we all peeourselves?"

"We can pee into it, duh!" answers Jessica, quickly sitting up, pullingher remaining hand from her crotch, causing her thighs to tremble with thereinforcing loss of her hands as she folds the towel three times into athick, small rectangle. Ginny, seeing the clever action taken by her sister, gasps out... "Let me use it first! PLEASE!?" she pleads, reaching out her left handtowards her, groaning as she could feel her hold slipping without her handas small trickle of pee began to flow from her and dampen her panties. "I-I'm at my limit! I'm starting to lose it!" While Jessica really didn't want to give up her chance for relief, giventhat it was her idea after all, she couldn't just ignore her sistersdesperate plea, especially if Ginny was starting to wet herself, sheherself still had dry underwear. "O-Ok fine! But make it quick!" quickly answers Jessica, tossing thetowel to her sister and returning her hands to her crotch.

"Thank-you!" immediately declares Ginny, quickly removing her hand fromher crotch, groaning in a futile attempt at holding the flood at bay asonce her hand left, the trickle had turned into a steady stream, causingher to hurriedly unbutton and unzip her shorts, not to remove them, butgive enough room as she shoves the folded towel under her panties and andagainst her damp labia before a long "OOOOOHHHHhhhh!" leaves her as sherelaxes and her pee floods from her and into the dirty towel.

"Hey don't go crazy there!" declares Jessica, groaning as the sound ofher sisters moan of relief, like Becky's, made her own need even worse, thesame was true of Kelly. "Don't flood it, we still need to use it! Justpee enough for you to hold out." Kelly, despite her need to pee, looked under Jessica's seat and foundanother towel. "Hey, there's another." she states, before reaching in and pulling itout, though both sisters hearts sunk as they see the towel was patheticallysmall, a foot-long square, though this one was much cleaner than the first. "Well it's better than nothing." comments Jessica. "Here..." states Kelly, offering the towel to Jessica. "Since it wasyour idea, I'll let you go first."

"No, you take it." replies Jessica, before removing herself from herseat with a groan and taking the two steps towards Ginny, who was clearlyenjoying her relief. "Hey, it's my turn, stop peeing."

"J-Just a little more, I'm nearly done." sighs Ginny, smiling. "Nearly done!?" Gasps Jessica. "You're gonna flood it! You can't hogit!" she adds, before reaching a hand towards the towel emerging from hersisters panties and grabbing it. "H-Hey! Wait! I'm not done yet!" declares Ginny, attempting tomaintain hold on the towel. "You're supposed to be sharing it! I was nice enough to let you gofirst!" While her sisters briefly fought over the makeshift toilet, Kelly hadfolded the small face towel as thick as she could and placed it under herpanties, pressed against her crotch, though she continued to hold in herpee, she knew the folded towel wouldn't hold much, so she wanted to try andwait for her turn with the bigger towel. "Nooo!" gasps Ginny, as Jessica snatches the towel from her hold,causing her pee that continued to leave her to flood into her panties andshorts before she managed to slowly hold back the flow, but it was struggleand little spurt continued to slip free.

"Look how drenched it is now!" declares Jessica, seeing a huge wet spotthat nearly covered the entire side of the towel. Though Jessica, quickly put her annoyance on hold and turned the towelaround to the dry side, cringing some when she felt the pee on the otherside, turning around, quickly unbuttoning and unzipping her jeans, pullingthem down just enough to expose her butt to the others as she places thetowel against the tensed lips of her labia, sighing loudly as she finallyrelaxed, allowing her pee to flood into the towel, feeling her pee spreadacross it.

Despite the euphoria of release, Jessica didn't want to be greedy likeher sister, Ginny and began to pull the reigns back on the intensity atwhich she was letting her pee leave her and after only ten seconds ofheaven, Jessica gave a groan as she clenches her urethra, feeling a fewmore spurts leave her, before she felt her hold secure, then pulling thewet towel from her damp lips, seeing the wet spot roughly half the size ofGinny's before her and offering the towel to Kelly behind her. "Here, you go a little and give it back."

"OK..." replies Kelly, before starting to offer the smaller towel toJessica, she gasps and looks to their mother, who advances the van a shortdistance, as she takes the bigger towel. "Hey mom, here."

"Thanks, but no." replies Rachael with a smile. "I'm not doing so bad."

"You sure?" asks Kelly. "Yeah, you three need it more than I do."

"Ok then." replies Kelly, before handing the smaller towel back toJessica, who takes it. Ginny, seeing the exchange, whines as she felt more of her remainingurine slipping pass her hold into her panties and shorts. "H-Hey! What about me!?"

"You have to wait." states Kelly, quickly refolding the bigger, thoughwet towel, for a drier place to pee and quickly pulling her panties downunder her skirt and placing the towel against her and giving a sigh ofpleasure as she was finally able to relax and flood the towel in her pee. "Ok I'm sorry!" pleads Ginny, feeling more and of her urine leaving her."I can't stop it now!"

"I'm sure your panties are already wet now." states Jessica. "You saidyou were nearly done, so-"

"Screw you!" retorts Ginny, before gasping as her hold crumbles andgiving a shameful wail as she feels the last of her remaining urine streamout of her as if she was sitting on the toilet at home, only this time, herpanties and shorts, already wet, were the last line of defense,successfully soaking up the final volume of urine, saving the seat of herchair from a golden puddle. No one in the van said anything about Ginny's obvious loss of control,though Kelly, taking a similar amount of peeing time as Jessica, holds backher flow with a tremble, before offering the even wetter towel to her andJessica giving her back the small one.

After three separate uses, there was not a dry spot left on the towel,just places wetter than others and Jessica groans as she places the warm,wet towel against herself again and added more of her pee into it. Notfour seconds into it, Jessica could feel her pee dripping down her fingers,the unfortunate towel had reached it's limit it seemed. "Crap, I don't think it can hold anymore." comments Jessica, tremblingas she could feel more of her pee streaming out of her more forcefully, asa result, feeling even more pee fall from her fingers and given that shehadn't pulled down her underwear and pants very far, what pee fell throughthe towel and down her fingers, fell to and was caught by her panties andjeans. "I guess we only have the back-up then." states Kelly, before groaningas she felt her hold slip and a short stream of pee wet the small foldedtowel pressed against her.

"What are we gonna do?" questions Jessica, feeling more and more of herpee leaving her and further wetting her panties and jeans. She wanted tostop, the towel was useless now, but she couldn't find the willpower to, soJessica simply continued, quite literally giving up as what littlerestraint she still held on her flowing pee, she let go, allowing her urineto flood through the saturated towel, down her fingers, to be absorbed byher panties and jeans, the faint 'pat, pat, pat' of rapid drops of urinewetting cloth was unmistakable. Despite two failed attempts at successfully finding relief, Kelly hadthought up a plan of her own and releases as much pee into the small foldedtowel as she thought it could hold. Feeling the pee soaking into the otherside, told her it was enough, before holding back the rest with a groan.

Pulling the saturated towel from her panties and dropping it to the floor,Kelly pulls her panties down completely and removes them, then balling themup and placing it against her lower lips much like the towel and let gointo her panties. Although even that attempt wasn't enough as her panties lasted onlyseconds before her urine fully soaked through them and she was now left inthe same position Jessica had found herself in. Her panties were Kelly'sonly idea and in the 'shock' of nothing else to use and the fact that shewas still peeing, Kelly was seconds from giving up, afterall, the onlyreason she took her panties off was because she was wearing a long enoughskirt and using the skirt itself was NOT an option, she didn't want to becompletely naked from the waist down.

Although, within the moment of giving up, her pee falling through herpanties and dripping from her fingers, Kelly saw her socks! It wouldlikely only be prolonging the inevitable, but Kelly didn't care; quicklyclenching her urethra, Kelly drops her panties and pulls her feet from hershoes and quickly removes her socks, pulling them inside-out into a neat,compact ball and placing it against her crotch and letting go again with alow moan. After a few moments, to Kelly's surprise, although she could feel muchof the socks soaked through, about a third she guessed, Kelly could alsofeel her urination tapering off.

Had she succeeded where her sisters hadfailed!? The moments pass and Kelly soon feels the socks fully saturatedand her peeing beginning to drip from her fingers, just as she was at thepoint in her urination that she had to push out the last few streams. With a satisfied sigh, Kelly pulled away the soaked pair of socks with asmile on her face, soon looking to her sisters, Ginny, who still sat in herseat, her face red and looking down to her drenched jean shorts, with herhands on her lap; Jessica, who had removed her jeans altogether, thoughpulled her stained panties up, sitting on the couch-like seat, using thedry parts of her jeans to wipe her legs and crotch, though she did look upto Kelly. "At least one of us made it without an accident." comments Jessica. "Heh, I almost didn't make it." replies Kelly, before gasping andlooking towards the front of the van, to her mother. "Oh yeah, mom, howare you doing?"

"I'm holding in there." replies the woman, as she guides the van a shortdistance before stopping. "After the little event with you three though, Idon't know how much longer I can go, I might have an accident myself, heh."she adds, with a chuckle. Becky quickly chimes in... "Hey! Since we're all empty now, how about the four of us try to find away for her not to have an accident." she offers, before kicking off hershoes and pulling her socks off. "I'll let you use my socks like Kellydid."

"Me too." adds Jessica, removing her shoes and socks. The action was also followed by Ginny, causing Rachael to smile. "Thanks girls."

