Sabrina's domination

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-12-28 16:34

'Charizard, you ready?'

Mekhi was in the fight of his life in the Saffron City gym. He was ofcourse, going up against Sabrina the master of psychic type pokemon and herself a vey powerful psychic rumored to have powers of an otherworldly nature. So far, the battle wasn't going too well. It had been a three on three fight and he was down to his last partner, while Sabrina was still on her first. An Alakazam of incredible power and skill, his first two partners hadn't even softened him up. But Mekhi didn't give up easily. He had a couple tricks up his sleeve too and Charizard was his strongest ally and had been with him the longest. He had faith in his partner.

Sabrina on the other hand hadn't done or said much yet. A few short commands, a few small gestures, but for the most part she let her pokemon deal with the fight as he saw fit.

It irked Mekhi to no end that he was being beaten so effortlessly. But he'd show her now. His Charizard had flown up high, just out of reach of Alakazam's psychic range but unfortunately also out of range for any of Charizard's attacks. While Charizard was circling up high, Alakazam had assumed a meditative stance. He levitated above the ground a few feet, both spoons circling around him in a calm organized fashion, his eyes closed and his legs crossed. It was in the trance of a Calm Mind and didn't seem inclined to break it any time soon, apparently willing to wait for the fiery pokemon to make the first move.

Mekhi knew waiting too long was dangerous, because the longer Alakazam maintained his Calm Mind, the stronger his psychic powers would become. He had to make a move soon.

'Ok, now. Go for it, Charizard!'

Charizard responded immediately and swooped down ready to attack his enemy head on. Or at least, that's what Mekhi wanted Sabrina and her pokemon to think. Sabrina on her part looked calm and bored, and didn't even bother giving out a command to her pokemon. It turns out she didn't need to.

Alakazam's eyes flew open, both his spoons flying into his hands and a shiny blue aura surrounded him. He looked up at the charging beast of fire and suddenly Charizard just stopped moving midflight.

His charging advance was halted suddenly and violently and Alakazam was holding the mighty pokemon suspended in mid air effortlessly. Charizard struggled and fought back ofcourse, but couldn't break the mighty hold his adversary had on him.

'CHARIZARD!' Mekhi yelled. 'You can do it. Break free! I know you can'

'Now' Sabrina replied unexpectedly in that calm monotonous voice of hers. Alakazam responded by flinging the opposing pokemon violently into the gym's walls, knocking it out in a single blow.

Mekhi was stunned. Lost. He'd lost. Not just lost. He'd been crushed. Humiliated even. He didn't even manage to put a scratch on her first pokemon. He realized he was way out his league in this gym.

'I... I lost.' he said, withdrawing his Charizard to it's pokeball.

'Yes,' Sabrina responded, also withdrawing her Alakazam. 'Now, come with me.'

'What?' Mekhi was confused. 'Err, shouldn't I go to a pokemon center first?'

'No. Gerald will take care of them. Won't you, Gerald?' Sabrina glanced only briefly at the current match's referee who rushed over to Mekhi's side and took his belt with pokeballs. 'O.. ofcourse, mistress Sabrina. Right away.' And with that, he scurried off with Mekhi's pokemon.

'H..hey, my pokemon! Where are you taking them?!' Mekhi couldn't believe what was going on here. A stranger had just taken his pokeballs to god only knows where, just because some snobby gym leader had asked!

'To be healed, like I said,' Sabrina responded, turning away from him and walking away. 'Do not worry about them. You will see them shortly. But first, come with me.'

'Wha.. why? What's going on here?'

Sabrina sighed annoyed and rolled her eyes. 'Mekhi, you really need to stop asking so many pointless and tiring questions. Your confusion is enough to give me a migraine. Now, are you going to make me ask again or are you coming?'

Mekhi was dumbfounded. What the flare was going on here? One moment, he was having a seemingly normal gym battle (ok, so the gym leader totally creeped him out, but aside from that everything was normal) and now his pokemon were being taken and Sabrina was making weird demands. But he had no choice but to follow. After all, she did have his pokemon. So he followed Sabrina into a cool, white condo.

'Whoa, what is this place? It looks like a miltary sterile facility threw up in here!'

He was referring to how white, clean and sterile the building looked. Everything in it, from the couch to the walls and TV was white and looked like it had been cleaned several times. Not a single speck of dust anywhere.

'Thanks,' Sabrina reacted, still in that monotonous voice that never pitched higher or lower or betrayed any kind of emotion. 'I like my house to be clean. And sterile. But this isn't where I want you. Come.'

'Want me?' Mekhi thought. 'What the spell does that mean? Weird ass witch.' Ofcourse he knew better then to say this out loud. He kept following Sabrina until she led him to a bathroom. There, she stopped and turned to look at him expectantly.

Confused, and unsure what to do next, Mekhi said, 'What?'

Sabrina stepped aside and motioned for him to go on it. 'Enter.'

'Enter? In your bathroom? Why?'

Sabrina sighed again and rubbed her temples. Apparently she wasn't kidding when she said that his confusion was giving her a severe headache. 'Enter,' she stated, 'or I'll make you enter. Your choice.'

Mekhi was starting to feel incredibly uncomfortable now. He didn't like where this was going at all. Frankly, he wanted to turn and run, but he couldn't just leave his pokemon behind.

Hesitantly, he entered and looked around carefully, as if he were expecting to be jumped by a creatures right out of a Lovecraftian novel. But nothing was there. The bathroom was clean and sterile, just like the rest of the house. Sabrina came in after him and locked the door behind them.

'Good,' she said, 'Now take off your clothes.'

Mekhi looked at Sabrina with a look of both disbelief and panic. His eyes flit towards to doorknob and then to Sabrina's face which remained impassive. 'Sorry, what?'

'Take. Off. Your. Clothes.' Sabrina repeated. 'Trust me, you're gonna like this. Most of them do.'

'Most of them? Most of who? Just what the hell are you planning to do? I want out now. Let me out!' Mekhi was panicking now and frantically tried to open the door. Locked, ofcourse. And there was no way he was strong enough to bash it open. He was locked in a bathroom with a crazy gym leader who was asking him to take off his clothes! He was dumbfounded at how quickly this situation had gotten out of control.

Sabrina merely shook her head and mumbled, 'Why do they always have to do things the hard way?'

Suddenly, Mekhi felt his limbs go numb. He lost complete control over his own body and couldn't even manage to speak anymore. His muscles still worked, evidenced by the fact that he could still manage to remain standing, but they didn't take orders from him anymore.

Sabrina got down on one knee and started undoing the straps on his shoes. Mekhi's eyes opened in pure horror as he finally realized what was going on. She had done this to him! She won the fight, she'd taken his pokemon, his protectors, away from him, basically shoved him in here and now she was going to do whatever it was crazy, psychic gym leader broads did with their victims. She had put him under some sort of psychic paralysis spell and now he couldn't even wiggle a finger to stop her as she went about her business.

Sabrina finally undid both shoes and removed them and Mekhi's socks. She looked up into his panicked eyes and smiled calmly. 'Relax,' she whispered, 'you're going to enjoy this. I know I am.' She curled her fingers around the elastic of his shorts and slowly started pulling them down.

Mekhi yelled internally and summoned all his strength to the simple task of trying to stop Sabrina from doing that, but not a single muscle moved to obey his commands, no matter how hard he tried. Sabrina pulled his shorts down, revealing his blue boxers and Mekhi blushed fiercely. This could not be happening! He was going to get raped by a famous gym leader and he couldn't even twitch a pinky to do anything about it. Sabrina sprawled up against him, apparently really enjoying her role of the dominant female. It was the first emotion he had ever seen her express and the sexual hunger in her eyes scared Mekhi more then anything else ever had.

Sabrina slowly slid her hands under his shirt and gently pulled it over his head. She stepped back to look at him and nodded confidently. His clothes were laying in a pile on the ground and all he had on were his boxers. Just when Mekhi thought things couldn't get any crazier or weirder then they were now, Sabrina pulled off her pink top, revealing her perky breasts. Despite the situation and vast danger Mekhi found himself in, he was still a normal guy. He blushed fiercely and try to think of anything else, but couldn't stop himself from getting a clearly visible boner through his boxers.

Sabrina smiled that predatory smile again and approached him. She leaned in close, until their faces almost touched and Mekhi could feel her right hand slightly pulling the rubber band of his boxers away. Sabrina peeked down in mock innocence and smiled contently. She pulled the boxers down and gently rubbed Mekhi's exposed member back and forth.

Although all Mekhi's senses were enjoying the feeling, his spirit broke inside and he started crying. He'd never been this embarassed or humiliated before. Getting raped by a woman, being completely helpless, no hope of anyone coming to help, Mekhi felt desperately scared.

Sabrina's face suddenly went from coy and seductive to surprised as she looked down. Mekhi didn't know what was going on at first. Something had happened that didn't go according to Sabrina's plan. And then he heard it. The sound of water hitting tiles. Not water, he realized. pee! He was wetting himself with fright! Tears flowed freely down Mekhi's face as he realized that he was standing there, completely naked, wetting himself and scared shitless for what was going to happen next.

BUM BUM BUM! Cliffhangar ending! Bet you didn’t see that one coming, did you? Want me to continue this story. Just say the word. Got any suggestions? Got something you wanna see added to this story? Let me know. I can’t guarantee it’ll make the story, but I’ll give it a chance.

