The Alexandra family

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-08-11 15:42

Following the Alexandra family, (well, just the two sisters, really with some brief mentioning and/or appearance of the rest of the family), this 3 part story will be updated at regular intervals and probably be finished a week from now. Part 1 follows Sophitia, the elder sister.

Please let me know what you think and I hope you enjoy.

###

Part 1

Sophitia's day off.

Sophitia sighed in relief as she waved her family off. Her husband was going off to visit his apparently sick mother. Since this might be the last time the children ever got to see their grandmother, they came along. Pyrrha and Patroklos both stuck their head out of the carriage as it rode off, to wave back at their mother. Rothion, her husband, called them back in before long, but couldn't resist shooting his beloved wife one last kiss.

She would've liked to come along and help her husband out, but she didn't particularly trust her dear sister to take proper care of the manor. And to be quite frank, she didn't like the old bat that much anyway.

Sophitia couldn't help but revel in the knowledge that she was going to have an entire week to herself with very little to no responsibilities. Sure, she loved her family dearly, but the idea of getting a week to herself sounded heavenly right now. She was going to make the most of it.

Assuming Cassandra could behave herself for that long.

Sophitia sighed as she thought of her hotheaded, brash younger sister. They might look alot alike on the outside, but where personalities were concerned they couldn't be any more different.

Sophitia went back inside her house and smiled contently. Cassandra was out on an assignment for the temple right now and wouldn't be back until at least tomorrow evening.

She had the house all to herself and she'd make sure to get all of the housework and temple chores out of the way beforehand, just to make these days count the most. Sophitia bent down to unstrap her sandals and enjoy the feeling of her feet against the cold ceramic floor. She was startled to discover that the cold floor had an immediate reaction on her bladder and she realized she had to go quite badly.

After recovering from the initial shock Sophitia laughed and walked around the house some more, just to experience the feeling of an ever increasing urge, even though it was still a ways from making her desperate. She found it make her feel very aroused sexually and as she passed the bathroom, an idea occured to her. 'And why not?' she thought. She was home all alone, all the doors were locked, the windows shut tight and she was free to do whatever she wanted right now.

Quietly nurturing the growing feelings of sexual arousal combined with and brought on by her need to urinate, Sophitia walked into the bathroom and admired her husbands handiwork.

This shower had cost the family quite a pretty penny, but it was well worth it. It was a true piece of greek ingenuity. On the ceiling and sides, there were nozzles installed that one could control by pressing a combination of stones on the sides. One of them controlled the heat of the water, and the other controlled which nozzle was on or off. It had taken her a solid month to figure out the finer points of how to use it, but once she had she frequently came here to unwind. The warm water and the firm pressure from all sides, if adjusted just properly had an almost therapeutic effect on her.

Sophitia untied her belt and put it on a nearby chair, letting her white garb flow around her naturally. It was shorter then temple regulations deemed appropriate, but Sophitia was special. She had saved the town and she was a very devout follower, so they allowed her a few liberties.

Her garb was cut low in the front and ended well above her knees, and she frequently turned heads whenever she walked down the streets. She knew people whispered about her and her 'whorish' clothing, but in this hot region of Greece, Sophitia found that she absolutely needed clothing that allowed some breathing room. Both for fighting and casual needs.

As Sophitia set the temperature for the shower just right, she couldn't help but shift uncomfortably as her bladder demanded more and more of her attention. She breathed heavily and as her desperation grew, so did her sexual arousal. She bounded up and down and slid a hand between her legs, both to help her relieve pressure and to gently stroke her vaginal area.

The fires of passion that were burning inside her seemed to roar up and increase their potential tenfold. Sophitia felt her knees buckle and she only just managed to catch herself with her free hand before she fell to the ground. Her one hand still rubbing her crotch, Sophitia moaned loudly in pleasure and ripped her loosened garb off. The discarded piece of clothing fluttered to the ground uselessly.

Now in a state of near ecstacy, Sophitia managed to stumble to the nozzle controlling stone and activated all of them at once. Hot water instantly shot out of every nozzle at once, soaking her from top to bottom in a matter of seconds. The sound of running water and the sensation of it hitting her naked body from all sides at once, massaging her, caressing her almost drove her to let it all out right there on the spot.

Only her fierce warrior spirit allowed her to keep control over her bladder and her feelings. Her hand steadily picked up speed and she masturbated at higher and higher speeds, while her bladder nearly bursted. She groaned loudly as she felt herself come close to the sweet release of an orgasm, and thought 'Just a little longer. Gotta hold it... just... a little...more'.

Her free hand was massaging her perky breast now, while the other continued his work and Sophitia felt that, warrior spirit notwithstanding, she was rapidly going to lose control now, so she picked up the pace to keep up. Her hands moved ever faster and faster, her pelvis thrusting back and forth gently. Her efforts paid off, as just as she climaxed her bladder released its contents at the exact same time. Sophitia cried out in pure pleasure and let it all out. As she continued to pee freely, she finally collapsed to her knees and sat down in the shower.

An odd thought hit her as she sat there, still reveling in the memories of her little escapade.

'I wonder how Cassandra is doing right now.'

*005*2012-08-15 14:21

Part 2 of my story, this time starring (as you might've expected if you read the first part) the younger of the two sisters, Cassandra. I tried someting a little different from the angle I used on her sister, in order to make this chapter, and Cassandra stand out as something... well, different.

WARNING: contains messing.

As always, please continue to tell me what you thought of it. I hope you enjoy.

###

Part 2

Cassandra's delivery

Cassandra was on a simple delivery mission, an assignment the temple had given her. The mission was as simple as could be. Deliver a package to the local temple, recite the correct prayer, receive another package and return that to Athens.

She was wearing her usual battle gear, because she knew how much that annoyed the priests (and her sister). It consisted of a leather white chestpiece with blue stripes that left the arms bare, a shamefully short skirt that ended only inches from her waist in the same colours, long white gloves, stockings and a pair of white boots.

The package she was supposed to deliver was sealed tightly and even though she would normally check out its contents regardless of secrecy, she was in enough trouble with the priests as it was. And she'd promised her sister to stay out of trouble, and for once Cassandra actually kept that promise.

Ofcourse, whether this was due to her fidelity towards her sibling or because of her current predicament is only the question.

The trip had started out incredibly boring, but along the way had gotten uncomfortable and awkward. As she was travelling down the road, Cassandra's bowels stirred and soon after her bladder made itself known too. It hadn't been too bad at first and she had just ignored it as she continued her journey, but as time passed by, her unease grew and transformed into unpleasantness and the start of urgency.

Cassandra realized she had probably eaten or drunk something wrong, possibly at an inn along the road, but ofcourse this realization didn't help her situation any. To make matters worse, just as her symptoms were starting to manifest in physical ways, a cart had stopped close to her and offered a ride up to town. Since she couldn't very well relieve herself in the local farmlands (unless she fancied getting pitchforks chucked at her, courtesy of the local farm owners), Cassandra had gladly accepted the offer.

Anything to speed up her journey was surely a bless of Hephaestus. Or just dumb luck. Whatever the case, Cassandra was glad to get the ride.

Glad, but still very, very uncomfortable. As the merchant spurred his horses back on, he vainly tried to make small talk with her. However, Cassandra had other things on her mind at the moment, things that didn't involve the weather or the new taxes on grain.

Her bladder had continued to send her increasingly more desperate pleas to find relief. Cassandra kept her legs clamped tightly together, but when this small failsafe no longer proved to be enough, she nervously started to shift. Her bowels continued their simultaneous assault on her system, too and she could feel them churning and growling on a worryingly regular base.

She tried to discreetly relief some of the pent up pressure that was amassing in her guts, but inadvertently let a gaint fart rip on the first attempt. The driving merchant, a friendly, outgoing man merely glanced in her direction, coughed politely and pretended not to notice, but Cassandra blushed fiercely, mumbled an apology and took the opportunity to sit in the back of the cart, where she would at least be hidden from plain sight.

Though they were only a short distance away from her ultimate destination, to Cassandra they felt like 10 hours, rather then minutes. Sitting in the back, Cassandra could no longer manage to sit still and was continuously pacing around the cart, hunched over.

Not because she couldn't stand up straight in the cart, although there was that too, but because she held her stomach area clamped in her hand. Her pace gradually picked up speed as the need to go increased.

As she paced, she kept one hand tucked between her legs, and gently rubbed her crotch area to relieve pressure, but much worse then that, the contents of her bowels demanded to be let out and wouldn't be refused for much longer. Cassandra's hand moved from her stomach to her butt and she firmly clenched her buttcheeks together to deny it just a little longer. She clenched her teeth and focused all her attention on not pooping her stockings like a little baby. She managed, but only just and only because another giant wet fart made its way out. Cassandra moaned and nearly gave into the shame and despair that was almost certainly about to overcome her, when she heard the merchant announce their arrival.

Blessing Hepheastus for that quick and unexpected boon, Cassandra jumped out of the back of the cart and stumbled into the city, not even bothering to thank the nice merchant for the ride.

Her need to go was so great now, that she could no longer even pretend everything was fine. She walked bent over, with one hand firmly tucked between her legs that clamped together at every opportunity and the other draped over the back of her skirt, trying to contain a giant log set on making its escape.

Desperate and frantic, Cassandra quickly scanned the area for the local restrooms, but was horrified to discover that, while it was blissfully near, there was a huge line waiting. She'd have to wait at least 20 minutes, and probably more for her turn.

Groaning in despair, she quickly scanned the area for another solution. Anything! Her eyes fell upon a small, disgusting alley that people most likely used to dump their flith in, but right now that alley seemed to beckon her.

Cassandra felt the back of panties bulge out as a turd started to make its way through, no matter how much she clenched her buttcheeks or how tightly she shut her legs. Another few seconds and it would fall into her panties. She knew instinctively that once it started, she'd have to finish regardless of circumstances. Desperate, Cassandra ran as fast as she could towards the filthy alley, pulling her stockings down on the way over, not caring if anyone saw her panty flash and the bulge that was the current cause of her grief. With the idea of relief being so close, Cassandra no longer managed to keep anything in and in a panic, she pulled down her stocking and panties in one fell swoop down to her knees.

They alley was tauntingly close, but it might as well have been on the other side of the world. No longer in control of her innards, Cassandra continued to stumble towards it, hampered by her pulled down stockings and panties, but she already knew it was too late.

A log lazily popped out of her butthole and plopped to the ground and she quickly crouched in a last ditch effort to at least save her clothes as pee jetted out of her vaginal area. Managing to avoid soiling her panties and stockings, Cassandra cried as she watched people look at her, each one of them wearing a look of pure astonishment and digust on their faces.

She was knelt down in the middle of the street, answering nature's call in plain sight, when there was slavation not 15 feet from her position. Cassandra cried bitter tears of shame and defeat and wished she were dead.

Or better yet, she realized, she wished her sister was here. No matter how bad things got, somehow Sophitia always managed to cheer her up.

'Sophitia, where are you?!' Cassandra thought, but her sister was nowhere in sight...

*006*2012-08-22 14:15

And as promised, here is the final part. This time, it will be featuring both sisters at the same time. Part 3 will pick up where the first two parts left off and finish it.

Please, tell me what you thought about it. If there's anything you liked or didn't like, feel free to let me know. Don't worry, I can take it. Anyway, enjoy!

###

Part 3

Sisterly love

Sophitia sighed as she passed Cassandra's room and glanced inside. Ever since Cassandra had come back from her trip, she had changed significantly. She knew something had happened to her in Athens, but whatever it was, Cassandra refused to talk about it.

Whatever it was, it had changed her sister and not for the better. Sophitia had about 2 more days before her family would come back and even though she had been determined to make the most of it, her sister seemed hellbent on making that impossible. But for once, she didn't seem to do it on purpose.

Before she left, everything had been normal. But ever since she returned, Cassandra had become sullen, withdrawn and gruff. She refused to talk to anyone, spent the entire day sulking in her room and barely ate or drank anything. Sophitia had had enough. She wanted her sister back. Her real sister. The perky, upbeat, slightly arrogant and annoying but wellmeaning Cassandra. Not this shell of a woman that diidn't even vaguely resembled the old Cassandra.

She decided on taking the straightforward approach. Cassandra had never been the one to respond to subtle hints. She stepped into her sisters chambers and sat down on the bed, next to Cassandra, who was sitting at the head of her bed with her knees pulled up to her head, not even bothering to look up when her older sister came in.

'Okay, Cass, what's up?' Sophitia demanded, forcibly lifting her sisters head to look at her. 'Ever since you came back, you've been in this selfimposed exile and I wanna know what happened. Talk to me. You know I'm here for you.'

Cassandra looked her sister in the eye, and for a brief moment Sophitia feared she had taken the wrong approach. Cassandra had her old fire in her eyes, sure, but they were flashing with anger and stubborness. But just as quickly as they came, they disappeared again and Cassandra burst out in tears. Caught offguard by the outburst, so highly unusual for her otherwise strong sister, Sophitia shushed her while holding her in her arms. They sat like that for a while, waiting for the worst of it to pass.

As Cassandra's emotional outburst subsided, she sniffed a few times and hesitantly started to tell Sophitia what had happened in Athens. Sophitia listened breathlessly and even covered her mouth in shock at the conclusion.

'No wonder she's been so withdrawn and sullen,' Sophitia thought, 'Poor thing.'

As she continued to hold her sister, Sophitia's mind raced. She still wanted her sister back, the way she used to be. But she knew in order to do that, she'd need to take drastic measures. And then it hit her. The way to get her sister back (or at least so she hoped) was so simple. The solution had presented itself to her mere days before.

Sophitia lifted her sister's head once again and made her look her in the eye and related the events that had happened to her on the same day her family had left. If it had been anyone else, Sophitia would have been too mortified to even consider the possibility of saying such things, but she trusted her sister. In many ways, she could relate things to Cassandra that her husband or children would never comprehend. I

Cassandra's eyes grew big as she listened to her older sister and when she was finished, she shook her head in disbelief. She didn't know what to think. On the one hand, Sophitia was a very honest, reliable woman not known for lying, but on the other hand, what she had just told her seemed so much unlike her that she just couldn't believe it was true.

Sophitia, seeing the internal struggle her baby sister was going through said, 'So, you see, Cassie, even people like me do 'dirty' things sometimes. I think that's just part of human nature.'

Cassandra looked at her sister in disbelief for a while, but finally answered, 'Yea, but you were safely at home where no one could see you. That's nothing like what happened to me...'

'No, it's not,' Sophitia agreed, 'but it could be and I'll prove it to you.'

'What do you mean, Sophie?'

But Sophitia merely smiled mysteriously and hugged her sister once more.

That evening at the temple site

It was time for the evening prayers, the last ones of the day before everyone got to go home and unwind for a few hours and get ready for the next day. Sophitia didn't technically need to be there, but she had come anyway. She'd come with a very special and specific purpose in mind. Cassandra, on the other hand, did need to be there. She noticed something off about her sister straight away. She seemed to be slightly distracted and every so often her eyes would flit towards the exit, as if she couldn't wait to leave. She was friendly and cheerful towards the townspeople, sure, but still something was off about her.

She had known Sophitia all her life. She knew her better then anyone, so she knew something was wrong about her. Their eyes crossed for a moment, Sophitia smiled at her sister and discreetly slid her hands over her stomach area and lifted her left leg in such a fashion that it crossed the other one. Cassandra instantly understood what was up. Her sister had purposely avoided going to the bathroom so she could attend the prayers while being desperate, all just to prove a point to her.

Cassandra bit her lip in shame as she realized what that meant. What risk her sister ran for her sake. If anything went wrong, if Sophitia couldn't manage to hold on through the almost 30 minute long prayer, she'd be forced to soil herself in front of everyone she knew!

As the prayer commenced, Cassandra couldn't focus on the right words and it seemed that her sister couldn't either. She didn't know just exactly how desperate she was, but it had to be pretty bad, because she saw her shifting from one foot to the other and constantly trtying to hold her crotch. As the prayer reached the conclusion of it's first part, everyone chanted the final words loudly, as was the custom. All but Sophitia, who used to opportunity, to grab her crotch and look around in panic and Cassandra, who watched her sister doing a frantic pee dance. Their eyes crossed once again, but this time Sophitia didn't smile. She only looked desperate and her eyes pleaded for Cassandra to help her. She crossed her legs desperately, with both hands tucked between them as the second prayer commenced.

Cassandra never even got that far. Her sister needed her so prayers and priests be damned. She rushed over to Sophitia's side, glared fiercely at a priest who was coming her way, apparently with the idea in mind to stop her. He immediately gave up on that idea when he saw the furious look in Cassandra's eyes and backed down. A wise choice too, because it wouldn't be the first time Cassandra physically assaulted a man of the cloth, for far less.

She took her sister by the hand, made a vague gesture at the priest that they'd be right back, and headed through the side doors towards the gardens. No sooner had the door closed behind them when Sophitia let go of her sister hands, frantically ripped her robe up, jerked her panties down and crouched in the nearby bushes, giving in to the huge amount of pressure that was apparently pent up.

'What'd you do a stupid thing like that for?' Cassandra shot at her sister, not even bothering to look away and grant her sister privacy. Sophitia looked up from her crouched position and smiled at Cassandra once again. 'Because,' she said, 'I wanted my sister back, the way she was. And I had a point to prove.' As she finished up, Sophitia got up and removed her panties completely, examining them. Cassandra noticed they were completely damp at the front and now that she paid better attention, she saw that the front of Sophitia's robe were pretty damp as well. Sophitia followed her sisters look but shrugged it off and hugged Cassandra, saying, 'It's good to have you back, sis.'

