Iris' accident

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-08-04 16:28

Following story was something I thought up a couple weeks ago. It won't have a sequel, but I might update this topic with similar one shot stories in future times.

Tell me what you think of the first one, and we'll go from there.

###

Iris and Dmitri were walking hand in hand. They had been walking for some time now, away from the Pokécenter. It was the first time that day where they were together without another person nearby. Ash was a good friend and a valued companion, but sometimes a couple just needed time to themselves.

In the 10 years that Iris and Ash had been friends, he still hadn't picked up on how to read subtle (or not so subtle) hints people were giving him. He was a talented trainer, but socially very inept.

They had to wait till nightime for some privacy. Everyone was asleep now, and finally the couple relished in their first moments of just their own company.

'Let's sit,' Iris said.Dmitri picked a nearby log and sat down. She sat next to Dmitri and scooched closer to him for warmth and comfort. He was a rather short, well toned man in his late twenties with blonde locks, dazzling blue eyes, a cheerful upbeat attitude and like her, he was tan all over. While he could be dense and clueless sometimes, there was no one she would rather be with right now.

Dmitri looked at Iris, who had placed her head on his shoulder. She looked back and as their eyes met, their faces grew closer instinctively. Iris and Dmitri's lips met and they kissed. Softly, innocently.

Dmitri wrapped his arm around Iris' waist and pulled her closer and onto his lap.

Their kiss grew warmer and deeper now, filling with more passion. Dmitri's tongue ran over Iris' lower lip and she gave way to let him in. His tongue ran over hers, stroking it and gently stroking her lips.

She moaned as she felt Dmitri's hand run up her shirt, but did nothing to stop it. She wanted him as much as he wanted her right now.

Encouraged, Dmitri kept going and caressed Iris' bra under her shirt. She laughed at the ticklish feeling and broke off the kiss to pull her shirt over her head. Dmitri's azure blue eyes lustfully looked upon Iris' small but perky breasts. He reached forward and unclasped her bra in a matter of seconds. She threw it to the ground and Dmitri caressed her left breast while sucking the right one.

Iris moaned loudly in pleasure, but he shushed her. The last thing they needed right now were curious people come to investigate those strange noises.

He began to suck harder and Iris felt a new flow of dampness soak her panties and part of her shorts. Dmitri stopped for a moment and removed his shirt. Iris' auburn eyes danced over his toned muscular figure and he flexed involuntarily when he undid his belt and jeans.

He wore grey boxers with a picture of a fossilized pokémon on the right leg. An image she found both adorable and hot, right now. Her eyes stopped moving when they got to his crotch region.

A large, impossible to mistake bulge was practically begging her for release. Iris quickly yanked his shorts down. She then unzipped her own shorts and let them fall to the ground.

She was wearing a pair of blue polyester bikini panties. Dmitri quickly relieved her of them, the same way she had done to him moments before.

As the couple lay down, preparing for the climax of their evening, Iris felt a dampness between her legs that was nothing like the one she had felt before. She had a brief moment to wonder what that was, when both lovers discovered the accident at the same time.

In the heat of the moment, Iris had lost control over her bladder and was now peeing freely over her and her partner's legs. Iris' face flushed with embarassment as she realized what she had just done and she buried her head instinctively on his broad chest, crying bitter salty tears of shame.

Initially shocked and even somewhat dismayed, Dmitri quickly recovered and wrapped his arms around his amber girlfriend, making calming shushing noises.

'There will be other times, Iris. You don't need to feel ashamed. Hey, can I tell you a secret?'

Iris, somewhat comforted but still feeling very uncomfortable and guilty, stopped sobbing and looked her boyfriend in the eye, 'What?'

Dmitri smiled and leaned in closer, then whispered in her ear, 'I thought that was kinda hot. Maybe we can do this again sometime?'

