Unleashed

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2020-02-28 03:12

Chapter 1.0

”AHHH!” I screamed out, sitting bolt upright in my bed. My chest was on fire as I gasped for air. It felt like I’d been holding my breath for hours. I was also absolutely drenched in sweat like I’d just run a marathon in Summer.

As my heart rate gradually began to slow, and my breathing stopped being ragged gasps, I took stock of what just happened.

A dream. That’s all it was. It was so real though. The boat ride in the cave. The impossibly old woman chanting a montra or curse, or who knows. The fall. That terrible sinking stomach falling feeling. It felt too real to be a dream. But it had to be.

I’d mostly convinced myself the previous several hours I’d actually been asleep when I began to shiver. I was still absolutely soaked in sweat and was starting to cool off. I snuggled up under my blankets when another feeling hit me.

Ugh. I had to pee. Quite badly as well. I swore I went right before bed, but as I lay in my blanket cocoon, my bladder began throbbing against my boy cut panties like I was at the tail end of one of my 8+ hour holds I occasionally do for fun.

I was finally starting to warm up again under my blankets and didn’t want to get cold again in the night air just to go to the bathroom. Humpf. I pouted. If only there was a way to not have to go right now.

I laid in bed for a few more minutes, delaying the inevitable until I heard rustling from my brother’s room next door to mine. It started off as what sounded like him just rolling over, but quickly turned into sharp, rushed movements, and finally... No. was he...? He couldn’t be, that’s so gross!

Unfortunately, I laid there listening to the unmistakable sound of a stream of liquid hitting the side of a water bottle. My brother was peeing into a bottle while I had to listen. It went on, and on, and on.

Interestingly enough, while I figured I’d be on the verge of losing a spurt after listening to that, given how badly I’d needed to go just a few minutes ago, I actually... didn’t. Like at all. My bladder not only was no longer throbbing, it wasn’t even bulging against my undies anymore. I shifted around a little and barely felt any need to go at all.

Huh. Maybe I was just laying on it wrong earlier? I reasoned with myself. Whatever it was, I felt comfortable enough to allow myself to drift back off to sleep without fear of waking up wet. It meant I didn’t have to get out of bed and cold again, so I was happy.

Too bad the upcoming days couldn’t have been that simple.

*002*2020-03-03 02:37

1.1

Waking up in the morning was significantly less eventful than just a few hours ago. Peaceful even.

No wild dreams, no screaming. Not soaking in sweat. Mildly full bladder.... Mildly full bladder?

Hours ago, I had felt my bladder bulging out, the pink stripes on my undies digging into it. Sure, the throbbing had eased enough to fall asleep, but by now I should be potty dancing, not lazily lounging in bed before practice. It just didn’t make sense.

I got up and started to make my way to the bathroom when my brother’s door open and he quickly dashed out.

”Can you ~please~ at least wear a bra around the apartment?” He said, shielding his eyes with his arms in an overly dramatic manner.

”I just woke up,” I replied, not embarrassed in the slightest at my healthy 36C chest.

”Wait, Robbie...” I started as he made it to the bathroom just in front of me and closed the door. “Robbie! I have to pee!” I yelled, banging on the door.

”So do I!” He called back, stream already hitting the porcelain.

I glanced at the clock in the kitchen only to be horrified at how late I was running. “Hurry up! I’m going to be so late!” I yelled, banging on the bathroom door again.

”Once the faucet is turned on, the tank must be emptied,” Came my reply. “And this tank is still pretty full.”

Ew

I knew I didn’t have enough time to wait for Robbie to finish, then go myself and still make it to practice on time. I dashed back to my room, threw on a sports bra, shorts, tank top and sneakers. I took a moment to look down at my bladder and mumble, “please be kind,” before grabbing my bag and heading out, my brother still receiving himself.

Lucky.

As I hustled down the sidewalk towards practice, my lower abdomen loosened up and I felt more comfortable. I have no idea if it was the brisk morning air, my pace walking, or if my pelvic floor muscle exercises were starting to pay off. Whatever the reason, by the time I made it to the field, I barely had any need whatsoever to visit the bathroom.

While weird, it was very convenient. Having to pee at the start of practice can be tough. As a swordswoman, having a distracting bladder makes paying attention to the archers significantly more challenging during full team scrimmages.

*004*2020-03-09 01:56

1.2

”The big one?” I asked, out of breath.

”The big one,” my teammate and shieldswoman Erideth answered with an interesting amount of confidence as she lugged an absolutely massive wooden shield off the shelf behind her. I had no idea how she was even able to lift it, but she held it firmly and prepared for our melee attack.

I ducked behind her as the door opened and we ran out onto the already engaged field, several arrows landing in the ground just beside us. I could hear another group plunge into the shield, grateful Erideth had chosen the big one.

By mid field, we were on everyone’s radar, sprinting through the mayhem. Our archers tried to defend us, theirs searching for a better angle. An axewielder from the opposing team swung her battle axe deep into the shield, but then losing her footing on a patch of mud, allowing us to charge onward, battle axe and all.

Three quarters of the way to their stronghold, we were made painfully aware of the flaw in our plan - our backsides were fully exposed, allowing an opposing midfielder to tag us out, ending the scrimmage.

”Nice effort ladies,” Our coach called from the sidelines. “I appreciate the melee run mindset, but ya gotta think it through a little better next time.”

”That’s all for today, off to the lockers with the lot of ya!” He continued to several sighs of relief that we were through today’s fairly grueling practice.

Erideth and I were making our way back to the locker room, talking about practice and homework from last night when she became silent for a moment before softly saying, “I need to go to the bathroom.”

Still feeling some pressure in my bladder from my missed morning pee, and with almost a liter of water down during practice, I replied, “Yeah, me too.”Starting to pick up the pace, Erideth more quickly and loudly said, “No, I like really have to go to the bathroom. Like really badly.”

Picking up my own pace to match hers, she continued on, “I mean, I kinda had to go during practice, but all of a sudden I have to go so bad.”

As we entered the locker room, Erideth made an absolute scramble to the only stall, leaving me to stand outside and wait as her stream started, echoing throughout the entire room.

I could hear what sounded like faint sobbing as I waited my turn and asked, “Are you okay?”

There was a long pause before Erideth replied weakly, “Yeah... I just... I didn’t completely make it.”

I was taken aback by the confession. Fortunately For her, it didn’t seem like any of the other girls on our team heard her as they were getting changed on the other side of the lockers.

“I’m... I’m sorry that happened,” I offered, unsure exactly what to say as my own bladder twinged. My watch also vibrated, alerting me I only had a few minutes left to get across campus to class.

”Erideth?” I knocked lightly on the stall door. “I know you’re embarrassed, but I really do need to go before class...” I wasn’t sure how exactly to ask her to let me go, but she didn’t miss a beat in answering as her stream finally died off.

“I can’t come out. Not like this. Not until everyone’s gone and I can clean myself up,” She said, clearly embarrassed. “Im not sure what’s happening, but I feel like I kinda still have to go. I’m sorry, but I’m going to be in here for a while.”

My watch buzzed again and just like that, I was out of time. I grabbed my bag and started off towards class minus a bathroom break. I wasn’t sure how I was going to make it through the 3 hour lecture.

Oddly though, as I opened the door to the locker room to leave, I could faintly hear Erideth start peeing again. At the same time, I gained a little confidence that maybe I wouldn’t spend too much of the lecture completely desperate.

Maybe I’d be okay.

*007*2020-03-18 02:50

1.3

I was not okay.

It wasn’t because I had to pee though. On the contrary, it was because I didn’t have to.

I knew I should have had to. Realistically, I should have fiercely wet myself hours ago. But I barely had to go at all as I entered hour 2 of my lecture.

My curiosity of my current bladder situation, mixed with the boredom of my monotone professor caused my mind to wander. My eyes followed suit, scanning across the hundred or so students in the lecture hall, until they laid upon an interesting site.

About 2 rows in front of me, and three seats to my left sat a blonde girl, her hair up in a bun. I’m straight, but I still know what beauty looks like, and she was it.

Slim face, busty, perky breasts. She was a sight at any time. But at that particular moment, she was an extraordinary sight mostly because she quite obviously needed the loo. Badly, by my guess.

Her whole body swayed back and forth slightly in the seat, one leg bent up and under her bottom. She anxiously chewed at the back of her pen, and every so often, she’d shift in her seat, then hold completely still. All giveaways.

Part of me felt bad for her. I’d been in her exact position more times than I’d care to admit. Seriously bursting. At least an hour before I’d be able to go. Dying to hold yourself, but super embarrassed by social norms. Been there.

But there I sat, barely any need. On a scale of 1 ( haven’t left the toilet from my last pee yet) to 10 (actively wetting myself), I was maybe at a 3. Which boggled my mind.

”The cell, sensing it’s impending death, will push all vital organelles to one side, and use the remaining material to create an impregnable shell to ensure survival in an inhospitable environment,” our professor drawled on. While I should have been bored by the statement, it actually gave me an Idea. A crazy idea, but something to try nonetheless.

All morning, every time I had to pee, but didn’t have immediate access to be able to do so, someone else near me who did possess that ability had to suddenly go worse. It happened twice with my brother. And then again with Erideth after practice. As crazy as it sounded, I began to wonder if I held some ability or skill to control my bladder above the normal levels.

I pieced it together in my head in a way my professor would phrase it - “My bladder, sensing impending release, seeks out nearby bladders in more fortunate and empty circumstances to absorb my burden and release as their own.”

It was all I could do to not burst out laughing at the sentence I had just come up with. It sounded so ridiculous. But at the same time, I was curious. It actually made a lot of sense.

I found myself idly wishing I was as desperate as the blonde in front of me so I could give my theory a try, when I had another, equally crazy thought. If I was, in fact actually able to empty my bladder via someone else, couldn’t I empty someone else’s via myself?

No time like the present to give a crazy idea a try. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and tried to focus on my bladder. I tried to focus in on how it felt, every part of it from the small amount of pee inside, to the artery supplying it with blood which also allows me to feel a pulse when really full, all the way to my nearby pubic bone. I thought about my pelvic floor muscles, short urethra and underwear containing it all. I tried to drown out everything and everyone around me. Except the blonde girl.

I then tried to bring her into my focus. More specifically, her bladder. Round, full. The artery pulsing. Pelvic floor muscles clenched and tiring. Her equally short urethra leading out to what I imagined was a thong, the waist digging into her bladder, making her need grow all the worse.

I imagine a channel opening up between her bladder and my own, allowing her need to flow towards me. I tried to encourage it. I tried for several long minutes until finally... nothing happened. And I gave up. I still didn’t really need to pee. And she still clearly did. Bummer.

Bummer that is, until I felt something I’d never felt before. My bladder was actively and quickly filling. I could actually feel the sloshing inside. Equally, my need to go rapidly rose from a 3 to a 5 to a 7... I really needed to go now.

That’s when I became worried. What had I just done. I now sat in the middle of a lecture hall, really needing to pee, with an hour left, and more and more pee dumping into my bladder from the now much more relaxed appearing blonde.

I hadn’t thought this through. I was emptying her whole bladder into my own. Fine if I was on a toilet or very soon to be. Not fine given I had quite some time left to hold it, and didn’t start with my own empty. This was becoming an emergency.

*013*2020-03-22 02:57

1.4

Stop

Stop

STOP

STOP!!! I screamed out in my head as my bladder filled violently fast.

As if it was an actual tube, I could feel the connection between the blonde girl’s bladder and my own break, allowing the swirling feeling in my bladder to calm. I was not alright by any means, but at least it wasn’t getting worse.

I found myself sitting on my heel to help relieve some of the new pressure. *Deep breaths* I told myself. I had to think this through.

I had about an hour left of class. Given my heel digging into my crotch, and bladder pushing against my underwear and shorts, I’d say I was at an 8 out of 10 (Actively requiring external assistance, such as physically holding myself, removing restricting clothing, potty dancing, etc. to remain in control). I couldn’t hold it for another hour.

I looked around me at the several people sitting on either side of me in my row. I could trip over them and cause a small scene trying to excuse myself for a mid lecture bathroom break.

Yeah, not my style.

I could try to connect back with the blonde girl and even out our need a little more. However, she still sat bolt upright, indicating that while she had received some relief, she was still in somewhat urgent need. Plus, I still really didn’t understand how that worked considering I’d only done it on purpose once. What if we connected again, and her remaining bladder pressure streamed straight into me? I’d probably wet myself on the spot.

What else? As I thought about it, I idly made quick and awkward eye contact with the boy sitting next to me. And I had my answer.

I closed my eyes and once again tried to drown out the world around me. I thought only of my bladder, filled to an uncomfortable level and slightly throbbing with my pulse. I felt the waistband from my shorts pushing in, pushing the pressure down towards my pelvic floor, struggling to hold on. I imagined my short urethra leading out into my still dry underwear.

With the same focus, I thought about this boy’s bladder. He was fairly tall, skinny like a stick. But had a surprisingly empty bladder, ready and waiting to take some of my burden. I imagined his pelvic muscles, barely putting in any effort and his longer urethra leading to his boy underwear.... wait.... his ~longer~ urethra?

Dont get me wrong. I was NOT judging his manhood size. I had to pee way too badly to care. It just tripped me up. I wasn’t really considering that. The blonde girl’s had been about the same size as my own and, well, pretty much every other girl out there. Short. No surprises. But this boy... I lost my concentration, and started to drift out of focus.

Unfortunately, I had to go so bad, and was so close to finishing my mental image of his bladder, I’d already started to send out that imaginary channel between our bladders, filled from my overflowing bladder. As I lost focus, the tube fell apart, but all that imaginary pee was already out of my bladder, and had to go somewhere.

I opened my eyes, and instantly felt it. I was wetting myself.

*014*2020-04-10 12:15

1.5

It wasn’t a gush nor a spurt. Just a slow, continuous leak, a weak stream. But it was enough. I knew it was more than enough to soak through my underwear and shorts. There was no longer the hope of hiding it, which meant I certainly couldn’t get up and go to the bathroom now.

No. I was stuck here for the long haul. I’d have to wait until everyone else left the lecture hall.

Turning to the more immediate problem of still actively wetting my self, I tried to pull back with all my muscles. I stopped the flow for a few seconds before another spurt and gush came out, but then I was able to stop the flow more easily.

I repeated this several times until I finally gained just enough control to not notice if I was leaking more. In all that time though, I didn’t notice the boy next to me, the one I had just tried, and failed, to connect to and dump some of my bladder in to. He had been quickly writing a note and passed it to me just as I controlled my bladder enough to not keep leaking.

HI. I’M JOSEPH. I DIDN’T MEAN TO CRASH YOUR CONNECTION. YOU JUST STARTLED ME. I SAW WHAT YOU DID FOR THAT BLONDE GIRL - TAKING SOME OF HER NEED. THAT WAS REALLY NICE. YOU MUST BE BURSTING NOW THOUGH. HOW BADLY DO YOU NEED TO GO - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 - I’M ONLY LIKE MAYBE A 2 RIGHT NOW SO I CAN TAKE SOME FROM YOU IF YOU NEED.

He KNEW?? What? How? He can’t... ohhhh I need to pee.

I quickly circled 10 and wrote back - I JUST WET MYSELF PTETTY BAD. I’M STILL IN DANGER OF LOSING IT ALL.

I passed it back and he looked up with some sympathy. That’s when I felt it, he made a connection between our bladders (far more gently and quickly than I had been able to) and I could feel the instant relief.

He drained about half before ending the connection and wrote back - WOW, YOU REALLY DID HAVE TO GO! IM AT ABOUT A 6 NOW, SO HOPEFULLY YOU ARE AS WELL.

I AM. THANK YOU SO MUCH! I WASN’T GOING TO MAKE IT.

NO WORRIES. I’LL HANG BACK AFTER CLASS AND YOU CAN USE MY COAT TO TIE AROUND YOUR WAIST. YOU FELT ABSOLUTELY SOAKED WHEN I WAS MAKING OUR CONNECTION.

My face flashed red with heat. That’s embarrassing. I was so caught up with relief I forgot he would have to trace a path through my (and my sopping underwear) to connect.

THANK YOU

NO WORRIES. ALSO, YOU SEEM SOMEWHAT NEW TO THIS. ANY QUESTIONS?

SO MANY, I DON’T EVEN KNOW WHERE TO START.

ALRIGHT. YOU CAN STILL USE MY COAT TO COVER YOURSELF, BUT I KNOW A PLACE WE CAN TALK SAFELY.

AND PEE HOPEFULLY. YOU HELPED A LOT, BUT I STILL HAVE TO GO. AND I’D IMAGINE YOU DO TOO AFTER TAKING ALL THAT FROM ME.

LOL. YOU ARE NEW TO THIS. JUST FOLLOW ME AFTER CLASS

*018*2020-07-03 01:26

Back by apparent popular demand. I had no idea anyone liked this story that much. You guys are great

1.6

Where were we going? More importantly, why did I feel okay following this strange boy who I hadn’t even actually said a word to yet? I must’ve been crazy.

Then again, this strange boy did just save me from wetting myself by accepting half my bladder in the middle of lecture after I flooded myself with the blonde....

Wait... yeah... I was going crazy. None of this made any sense.

I struggled to keep up with him as we made our way down several flights of stairs, a long hallway, some more stairs, some more hallway. I was lost. And the 2 of us were alone. I hadn’t seen anyone else since the second set of stairs. Where were we going?

Joseph was taking long, confident steps, but seemed leisurely. I, on the other hand, was taking much shorter steps, now at a proper 7 with a dull throb in my bladder.

Finally, FINALLY, after 2 more sets of stairs, Joseph turned to me smiling, and pushed through an ancient looking, carved wooden door. I was awestruck by the sight the second I stepped in after him.

Before us laid majestic sprawling wheat fields, an endless and brilliant blue sky, all capped by snow covered peaks in the distance.

“We’re not on school grounds anymore, are we?” I asked, unable to pull my eyes away from the sights.

”Actually, we are. Just not how you think.”

”You just took me through a damn magical portal, is what I think,” I replied.

Joseph chuckled. “I wish.”

”No, believe it or not, this is all school owned land,” He continued.

”Why don’t we use any of it? Why is it so hidden away? It’s so beautiful, it’s a shame to hide it like this,” I said.

”It is,” Joseph agreed. “At least until Meribeth came to school here.”

”Who’s Meribeth?” I started to ask until my thought process slipped back to present. “Actually, more importantly, I still really need to use the bathroom. Don’t you?”

”You held it?” Joseph asked in disbelief.

”Of course.” I defended myself. “What else was I supposed to do?”

”I mean... I just spread it around to like 4 other people in class,” Joseph said. “Gave a little extra to that annoying kid up front, but let’s be real, he deserved to be a little uncomfortable.”

”What? But how? And I can’t do that her. Where can I go now?”

Joseph sighed. “When did you visit the cave?”

”I.... I had a dream about a cave last night. But it was just a dream,” I answered, confused how he knew about my dream.

”That was no dream,” Joseph continued. “You really went to that rock, on that boat, into that cave.”

”And,” he said after a short pause. “You really joined the Fraternity last night.”

