Early morning desperation

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-12-29 16:50

So, a friend of mine asked recently asked me to write a short story about female desperation. He was curious to see a story in a certain set that he had set up, and asked me to write it. He liked it well enough and gave me permission to post it here. Thought I'd share it with you guys.

I know it's short, but hopefully you'll enjoy it nonetheless. One shot story, I'm afraid, so don't ask for sequels as this idea wasn't even mine to begin with.

###

Early morning desperation.

Zach awoke to some unusual sounds for a saturday morning. Still half drunk with sleep, he first heard a door open and close, followed by some rapid footsteps, a loud bang on the door and some swearing. Then water started running and the swearing passed on into disgruntled noise and restless pacing.

His room was right next to the bathroom and the walls of his room had always been thin. He was just gratefull that his room was opposite that of his sisters and their mom. He really didn't wanna have to hear anything going on in their rooms. It was already awkward enough having to battle for the bathroom with two women every morning. He didn't even bother anymore. He almost never won those battles anyway, so now he just let them go first and resigned to his fate of always being the last one in the bathroom and thus the one responsible for cleaning it up.

A stupid rule, but when you're just a teeanger, you don't get a lot of say in your house. He looked at the alarm clock and saw that it was only 8:30. Way too early for a saturday morning.

He rolled over and tried to close his eyes for a while longer, but the sounds that had awoken him and were still continuing right now made it impossible. Zach grumbled and rolled out of bed. He yawned lazily and opened the door to the hall.

'JESUS CHRIST, BETH,' he yelled and jumped back slamming his door shut. 'What the fuck are you doing prancing around the hall like that?'

'Get lost, Zach,' his sister yelled back at him through his bedroom door. 'What's your problem, anyway?'

'My problem? My problem is my elder sister is walking down the hallway in her underwear. NOT something I wanna see early in the morning. Put on some clothes, will you?'

He heard the pacing sounds stopping, then moving themselves away from his door. He heard another door open a bit further down the hall and he went back down the hallway.

His sister came back from her own room. She had pulled a loosefitting T-shirt over her to cover up her bra but hadn't bothered to cover up her lower half. Zach glanced a quick view of light blue cotton panties before he hurriedly averted his gaze. If Beth had been anyone else but his sister, he might've been turned on, but she wasn't. His sister Bethany was eighteen, two years older then him, and the guys at school considered her to be quite goodlooking.

Zach didn't even want to consider that option and always pretended not to have heard comments about her. She was tall, slender and have a nice figure, but she was still his sister. Family wasn't meant to be considered in such a fashion.

Zach rolled his eyes and focused on looking her in the face. He quickly noticed something was wrong with his sister. Well, even more so then usual. She was nervously pacing up and down the hallway, occasionaly stealing a glance at the bathroom door. A few times, she stopped gathered a few deep breaths and then continued pacing for a while. Zach watched this ritual for a short time, then finally asked, 'Ok, spill. What's up now?'

'Nothing!' Beth spat back at him. 'I just need to use the bathrooOOOoohm. Oooooh.'

Beth stopped talking midway and jammed both hands down her legs. She had one leg pulled up and danced about on the other.

Zach, too embarassed to do anything other then watch, remained silent and waited for the show to be over. Finally, Beth regained some of her composure and went back to pacing. Her pace was much more rapid now, though. You didn't have to be a genius to figure out what was going on here.

'That bad?' Zach asked.

'No,' Beth snapped, ' I just thought it'd be fun to test my bladder endurance this weekend. What the fuck do you think?'

Unfazed, because he knew his sister, Zack continued, 'Why didn't you go last night when you snuck back in?'

'Yea, real smart that. And wake you up and risk you ratting me out to mom. Not a chance. Ooooh, why does this fucking house only have one bathroom?!'

Beth continued pacing about, one hand between her legs, furiously attempting to hold back the flood. She walked towards Zach, turned on the balls of her feet and walked away from him. Zach just watched. He didn't know what else to do. Suddenly, as Beth was walking back towards him, she moved her hand from between her legs to inside her panties.

'Whoa!' Zach responded 'Not suited for the eyes of little brothers!' and turned his back to his sister.

'Oh, stow it, Zach. It's not like you can see anything!'

'Uhu,' Zach responded and walked backwards towards the bathroom door, just to make sure.

He banged on the door and yelled, 'Hey mom, Beth's gotta use the loo. Like really bad. Let her in.'

'What the fuck?!' Beth yelled. 'What is your problem?'

'I'm not cleaning up the mess if you decide to pee the hallways, Beth. No fucking way!'

'One more minute' their mother yelled from inside the bathroom.

Beth had stopped pacing and shot Zach a dirty look, which quickly passed. Her face flustered and she held her crotch with both hands. Despite himself, Zach looked anyway and saw small rivulets of pee running down Beth's shapely legs. 'Ooooh, hurry up,' Beth moaned.

'MOOOM,' Zach yelled and banged on the door. 'Now would be a good time to open the door!'

'Alright, already. Hold on.' Their mother opened the door, a moist towel wrapped around her otherwise naked figure and Zach blushed, retreating back to the safety of his bedroom door.

Beth, noticing the door opening, didn't waste anytime, and stripped down her panties down to her knees, let them fall the rest of the way and dashed into the bathroom, one hand tucked between her legs. A small stream of pee streaked out behind her. Both her relatives looked on in amazement at the show. Zach was pretty sure he was never going to be able to burn the memory out of his mind of seeing his sister's naked backside dashing into the bathroom followed by a stream of pee.

They heard the sound of water clattering into the toilet followed by a huge moan of relief and the ripping of toiletpaper. Mother and son looked each other in the eye as if to seek confirmation with each other that what they had just seen was real. Zach blushed and looked away, while his mother just stood down the hallway, holding up her towel with one hand.

'Hey, uhm... guys' came Beth's voice from down the bathroom, 'could one of you maybe .. euhm... give me back my panties?'

Both Zach and his mother turned to look at the discarded pair of panties laying down the hallway and burst into laughing.

