The Bazaar Chase

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2025-03-31 00:53

“He’s a half dozen meters in front of me. I’m in foot pursuit. Remaining out of visible tail range,” Rachael reported quietly into the speaker on her collar as she dodged and weaved through the crowd. She was wearing a light blue T-shirt and grey hoodie with dark jeans to match. All of which was tailored to seem as masculine as possible. Her breasts were hidden under a tight wrap and her thick brunette hair was entirely hidden under a baseball cap. Large sunglasses hid much of her feminine face. The only clothing choice she’d been allowed that made her feel at all female were her panties - black and relatively shapeless, in case they were to become visible at some point in any capacity, they wouldn’t immediately scream women’s underwear to an onlooker. Still… They were hers, and mostly lacked too much masculinity.

“Hold position behind… Tail, but do not engage,” A man’s voice reported to her through a minuscule, clear earpiece.

“Copy,” Rachael confirmed, continuing to navigate through the bazaar’s gyrating crowd.

6 hours. She’d been on stakeout for 6 hours and FINALLY, the moment was here. Her target presented himself. She was in pursuit. All her plans and pitches, all her prep work was all finally paying off.

“Rachael,” Her earpiece came to life again. “I need you to slow your breathing a bit. Take a long slow breath for me. Your heart rate is getting a bit high. Remember, this is just intelligence gathering. Slow down a little and focus.”

”Copy,” Rachael replied and did as requested. The act helped clear some of her adrenaline from the chase, but angered an entirely different battle she fighting.

“Arthur?” She said into the mic, dodging an overfilled cart rolling into her path. “Do you remember what I told you about an hour ago?”

”… That you were going on vacation after this was all over?” Arthur guessed.

“Before that,” Rachael corrected.

“That you…. Oh!” Arthur realized mid thought. “Why do you bring that up now?”

”Because the problem didn’t get any better and is probably the reason my heart rate is so high,” Rachael replied.

3 hours into the stakeout, she’d felt a little twinge in her bladder. 4 hours in, she wanted to go to the bathroom, but certainly didn’t have a distinctive need yet. By the 5 hour mark, she felt it prudent to inform Arthur of the potential complicating factor in their plan. Arthur requested one more hour before calling time on the operation. With just minutes to spare, their mark had materialized in the crowd. With a groan of discomfort, but also with excitement, she had begun to follow him.

“You must not lose the target now,” Arthur stated. “We’re too close to success.”

”Obviously,” Rachael retorted. “I’m just reminding you that this can’t too long. I’m really uncomfortable.”

”Copy,” Arthur confirmed. “Just get the necessary info and I’ll whisk you off to the nearest throne.”

”I wish you wouldn’t phrase things like that,” Rachael sighed, stumbling over an uneven spot on the hard-packed dirt floor. She had to wedge herself between two people and twirl around another to catch up the few paces she had fallen behind.

She immediately realized though she didn’t need to as her prey came to a sudden and unexpected stop before a line of people.

“Talk to me, Rach. Why’d you stop making progress?” Arthur asked, watching her skid to a halt from the gps.

“I don’t know,” She replied, looking around. “There’s this weird, long line in front of him. It starts out in the middle of the crowd and goes through untilll….” Her breath caught mid sentence.

“What is it Rachael?”

“It’s a line for the bathroom…” She whispered.

