Space (gas) Station

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2019-06-09 01:39

Space exploration.

Man’s greatest achievement.

Naturally, it’s led by women, but we’ll let the men think it’s theirs.

Today marks one year in space for me.

One year and seven days ago, my tiny space station (just 7 feet wide, and 13 feet long on the internal compartment) was blasted into orbit. A week in, my rocket docked with it, and I’ve been here ever since. Alone.

It’s been a lot of work. This station is meant to be the backbone of a rapidly expanding port for refueling and resupplying before taking off for distant planets and even eventually galaxies. Which means there’s no room for error.

This past year, I’ve spent ever day, every single day, working out kinks, bugs, flaws, and unforeseen issues to prepare for today.

Today is the first time I’ll have visitors - a Canadian crew here to ensure proper docking and function of the supply reserve area of the station (their contribution to the project). They’ll be here a total of 28 hours, pending no problems or complications. I can’t wait to get rid of them already.

It’s not that I’m antisocial. I’m not. You just get used to doing things your own way, without interruption or distraction.

Since this isn’t an official log, I can also talk about less than scientifically necessary functions and experiments as well.

The first thing is, I’ve taken up nudity. With the exception of weekly video briefings with Command and calls home, there’s really no reason to wear clothes. They just sort of get in the way in the cramped quarters, are difficult and time consuming to wash and dry, and it’s not like my neighbors can see me. Sometimes I’ll wear just underwear, most of the time not.

That brings me to another point, I’m hairy. Like full, thriving bush hairy. Not that it matters, but I’ve made it sort of a point not to shave a single time while up here. I shave my armpits, more just for comfort, but my nethers, well, I’ve almost forgotten what they actually look like besides just a nest of she-hair. Almost

While we’re on the topic of my lower zone, we should talk about probably the biggest thing. When I was on Earth, I found some enjoyment in holding my bladder. Nothing major, and certainly only in private. Since coming up here though, I’ve had pretty much nothing but privacy.

A few things to mention before we get into the thick of it. Holding in space is a bit different than holding on Earth. First off, gravity. There’s none up here. I’ve done a few rotational tests with the station to test it’s stability, but otherwise, there isn’t any gravity whatsoever. That means a lot less force pressing and pulling against your bladder which means I can hold hold more volume, and for longer.

In the same category is air pressure. The lab nerds figured out a compositional mixture for the air I breathe that’s a little different than Earth’s air. It’s designed to require less air pressure while still allowing the human body to thrive. Less air pressure, less bladder pressure, more volume holding.

A few months ago, I ran a test to simulate a critical drop in air pressure. I had on an airtight mask to provide me with enough air to beath and to stay focused on the results, but the pressure around me was halved. Of course I went into the test with a ragingly full bladder (Command doesn’t need to know that bit). Because they were monitoring results and had a video stream running, I had to wear clothes which made my need even worse. I was just hoping not to wet myself while they were on the feed. As soon as I started dropping the pressure, I slowly started to feel less and less need. When the pressure reached our goal, I barely had to go at all. It was a weird feeling - going from feeling like you could wet yourself to a mild urge, if any, in less than 5 minutes without actually letting any out.

I maintained this reduced air pressure and zero gravity state for 6 hours. By the end of that time, I barely had any increase in my need. I was still at a moderate, but constant need. My bladder bulged out everywhere, including against my belt. It was a very different feeling. I could feel the ever increasing amount of fluid filling me up, and it was sloshing around all over the place, but it wasn’t like a “gotta go so bad right now” kind of feeling.

Bringing the air cabin air pressure back up, on the other hand, was a very, VERY different experience. Fortunately, Command felt I could handle this part by myself and logged off the video stream. With every 5% increase in pressure displayed on the monitor, my bladder felt pounds heavier.

55% normal pressure - sudden increase in how heavy my lower abdomen felt.

60% normal pressure - I could feel the air starting to squeeze against my bulging and very full bladder. I decided now was as good a time as any to pull my pants off. It helped ease my need a little and I was once again completely alone.

65% normal air pressure - I knew I was not going to make it back to baseline pressure. Of course, I’d known that all along. I’d had to go far too bad when I started lowering the cabin pressure 7 hours ago. But it was at this point my need was reconfirmed.

70% normal air pressure - A little surprise. So far, I’d felt everything in just my bladder and lower abdomen. As the pressure increased, I felt that heaviness work it’s way lower and lower. Now, it was as low as it could get. I felt a small stream, constant in its pressure, fill up and work its way through my previously sealed-tight urethra. It felt like it was reinflating the tube. Lower and lower it worked, ever closer to its escape. I pulled back. Hard. Clenching my pelvic muscles as hard as I could. But no luck. My bladder was as full as it could be given the current external pressures.

There was nothing I could do to stop that first dribble from coming out, wetting just the immediate crotch area of my standard issue panties (fashion was not a priority in space travel. I have 6 pairs, each the same small size, same boring white cotton, the same hip hugger style. My world for a hot pink thong and someone to oogle at it). They weren’t drenched, not even saturated, but certainly were visibly wet. And given how my urethra was still filled to the point of loosing a fairly regular stream of dribbles, they weren’t getting any drier.

In one awkwardly flailing movement in the zero gravity, I yanked off the less than flattering but decently wet panties, and grabbed a nearby Erlenmeyer flask with its somewhat narrow top. I learned very early on in my journey that everything floats without gravity. Everything. Take peeing standing up (one of the very first unofficial things I just had to try) for example. It comes out in a very straight, very strong and narrow stream straight towards the floor. It’s amazing. Until it hits the floor and splashes out in every direction in small bubbles of liquid. I spent my free time during the next 3 days chasing down those pee bubbles. Not a lot of fun.

A few weeks later, I gave peeing into a water bottle a shot. I figured if it was contained, it could float around all it wants. However, since I was holding it a few inches away from myself, it bounced around the inside of the bottle for a bit, only to find its way back out. This time however, I was prepared and cut my flow off immediately and caught the few rogue bubbles the best way I could think of on the fly - in my mouth. In regards to if I swallowed them or not, well, whichever suits your imagination

Since then, I’d tried several different options until I came across the Erlenmyer flask. The wide body allowed plenty of room for my ever expanding bladder to release into, while the narrow opening was perfect to press into myself to create a near perfect watertight seal. Which is exactly what I did immediately after ripping my underwear off. I lost a total of 3 small pee bubbles in the process as I dribbled. Not too shabby.

75% normal pressure - While I wasn’t actively peeing, I also wasn’t clenching my muscles as hard. I sort of just let the increasing air pressure push on my bladder and squeeze more and more out.

It took a total of 15 more minutes for the pressure to return to baseline. I held the flask in place the entire time, watching it slowly fill slowly. A gush here, a dribble there. A straight out stream for a bit. When the meter read 100%, I finally started allowing myself to pee, releasing my muscles completely, even pushing a little at the end. 3.1 liters. By FAR the most I’d ever gone at one time. By far. It was amazing to look at, floating and sloshing in the flask. It was difficult to look at that volume and imagine all of it inside me just minutes ago.

I can’t help but smile thinking back to to some of those moments. They’re what helped give me the confidence to embark on a very risky unsanctioned mission. As the Canadians approach, I’m standing here, taking my last wee into the designated receptacle (a glorified vacuum hose with a funnel vaguely shaped to fit around a human’s privates at the end). For the duration of their planned 28 hour visit, I have no intention of utilizing the pee vacuum.

It’s a crew of two males coming to meet me and set up their bay. I’ve peed in front of males before. Especially in college on Friday nights after the bar. But more recently during training. Fun fact - it was a requirement for our “Biological homeostasis and endurance” course. Let me tell you, peeing in front of my four classmates was by a wide margin not the worst part of that class. I think this time it’s the fact of how small an area we’re sharing. There’s just something about pulling my pants down 2 feet from a stranger’s head in order to pee that just doesn’t work for me.

I feel the station give a jolt for a moment and pull my underwear and pants back up. I have an empty bladder, 2 Canadians at my front door, and 28 hours until I’m back to my comfort zone - alone, naked, and a full bladder. Let’s see how this goes...

