Erika's misadventure

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-07-15 14:36

Following story was inspired by a picture I found online, but I can't remember where.

As usual, please let me know what you think.

PS: There is definetely going to be a sequel to this. The first part doesn't contain any wetting yet, but I promise that is coming. The first part is just setting up the rest of the story.

The second part will be coming soon.

Enjoy!

###

Erika closed the gym's front doors for the day. Her underlings had just left and the cleaning crew had a day off, so she was going to make the most of it.

She went down the hall and through the doors leading the gym's fight area which also acted as her private garden and (although no one knew about this) personal sanctum for rest and relaxation.

Erika frequently remained at the gym after closing hours. She told her underlings that she used this time to meditate and practice battle techniques, and that was partially true. But she also often used this time to use her gym as other people would use a spa resort.

Erika stepped inside and stopped for a brief moment to smell the sweet fragrant aromas of her beautiful flowers and plants.

Her gym doubled as a garden and as such was covered from wall to wall with trees, plants and especially flowers. It had a giant pond in the middle with it's own heatregulating system. She had turned up the heat about 2 hours before closing up so that it could get just the right temperature.

Erika wore her traditional red and yellow kimono, held together by a gold coloured sash, white socks and her usual sandals.

As she walked towards the pond, she stepped out of her sandals and undid the sash. She slipped out of her kimono and carelessly tossed it onto her shoes and sash. She sat down to remove her socks and placed those on the pile as well. She carefully tested the warmth of the water with the tips of her right foot and noted to her pleasure that it was just right. Not too hot, not too cold. Just warm enough to emanate that warm, relaxing sensation she enjoyed so much. She slipped her panties off and dipped into the pool, now completely naked.

At the sounds of slushing water and the occasional splash a few curious grass pokemon came to look at her. She laughed and waved at them, and even playfully splashed an Oddish that had ventured too close. The poor little startled pokemon yelped and dashed back to the safety of the forest. Erika laughed amusedly.

She swam around for a bit longer and allowed herself to relax completely. No one knew she did this ofcourse. If people found out that their local gym leader went streaking about every night in her own gym... she shivered as she imagined the emabrassment that would come with that and quickly pushed that thought out of her mind.

After a little while, she stepped out of the pond and walked around a bit. She knew every tree and bush in her gym by heart, ofcourse. She had planted them all herself, after all. Together with her underlings, but she felt that no one knew this place as well as she did.

As she approached her favourite patch of grass, she smiled to herself and wished she could be this content forever. This particular patch was special to her, because it was the first thing she had planted all those years ago. The rest of the gym had been built around this one spot and as such, it was no surprise that this part of the gym was elevated above the rest. From here, you could see anything. And anyone could see you. But there was no one there, right now.

She walked towards the edge of the small cliff and stretched out, pushing her breasts out as far they would go. It was a modest bust. Just big enough to fill her own hands (she'd tested that) but they looked good.

Though she would sooner die then admit this to anyone, Erika enjoyed the feeling of being nude in her own place. It made her feel closer and more intimately involved to it. But it also made her feel giddy and naughty. Though the risk of being caught was small, she enjoyed the thrill regardless.

She sat down on the edge and tried to ignore the feeling of grass tickling her sensitive area. It quickly subsided, but left her with the sensation of needing to pee. It wasn't too bad, though, so she just ignored it. She wanted to enjoy the sights, sounds and smells of her gym some more.

Suddenly, Erika heard something that she didn't think possible. It sounded like a key turning in the front door lock. Erika quickly turned her head in that direction and focused her hearing. Sure enough, she heard the sound of shoes walking down the hall, coming towards the gym.

Erika quickly got up and ran to the bushes, hiding from whoever was coming back. No one had ever come back before. Who was it and what did they want in her gym after hours? It had to be one of the underlings. They'd used a key.

Erika carefully peeked her head out of the bush and watched the door intently, ready to duck at the slightest sign of trouble. The door swung open and revealed Chelsea, one of her newest underlings. And someone else. As Chelsea stepped in, Erika looked at the other person. It was a guy from town. She knew him. He worked in the local Pokemon mart, on the TM department. A guy! In her gym, sneaking around with one of the girls in the evening!

Erika grew furious at the idea of men trampling all over her flowers, fooling around with her girls. But there was nothing she could do about it, right now. She used the cover of brush to secretly follow the couple and quickly noticed they were heading to the pond.

Oh, no she thought, my clothes are still there! And indeed they were. No sooner had the couple arrived when they noticed the discarded pile of clothing, lying around.

Chelsea picked them up and looked around, as if expecting Erika to show up and demand her clothes back. Naturally, she didn't. From her position, Erika thought Chelsea looked nervous, as if she suddenly realized what she was doing was strictly forbidden, but she couldn't be sure.

She must have been right, because soon after, Chelsea said something to her guy, who nodded in response. They turned as if to leave and Erika already breathed a sigh of relief, when she saw to her horror that Chelsea bent down to pick up her clothes and take them with her.

And to make matters even worse, they locked the gym door on their way out. Erika was trapped in her own gym, without any clothes or any way to get out till the next morning.

But she kept a clear, cool head. She was a gym leader and not prone to panicking quickly. Tomorrow was wednesday. Amy, her second in command, always came earlier on wednesdays, to start preparations. She always came well before anyone else. So all she needed to do was wait till tomorrow morning, slip by Amy unnoticed and head to the dressing room. Her bladder sent her a dull warning sign that she shouldn't forget the bathroom either. She was sure she could manage that. Her gym provided enough cover to easily slip by one person. Especially for Erika, who knew every leaf, twist and turn around here.

She resigned to her fate and looked around for a place to sleep. She didn't dare sleep on the cliff, just in case Chelsea did come back and found her like that. Instead she chose to sleep under a big nearby tree, which had an especially soft patch of moss and grass directly underneath it. Erika curled up into a ball and tucked her knees up close and pretty soon, the soothing sounds and smells of the gym lulled her to sleep. Despite her awkward situation, Erika was confident that everything would turn out just fine the other day.

*002*2012-07-17 14:16

Continuing on, this is part 2 of what is most likely going to be a 4 part story.

I hope you enjoy.

###

Erika awoke, feeling distressed and uncomfortable. She was, ofcourse, still locked in her gym, still in a state of complete undress and to make matters worse, she had to pee incredibly badly. As she got up her bladder sent a pang of dismay rippling through her abdomen and Erika doubled over in surprise and pain. She almost lost control on the spot, but managed to regain control.

She really didn't want to pee in here. It felt wrong, somehow. Like she'd be defiling her own gym. Besides, she had more pressing matters to attend to. She didn't know exactly what time it was, but she did see a few grass pokemon roam around already, so she knew it was morning. That meant the gym would be opened up and prepared for the day, any moment now. She needed to remain alert and take advantage of every opportunity she got. She couldn't afford to be distracted now.

Even so, her bladder demanded attention and she couldn't manage walking around without holding her groin to help relief pressure. She continually pressed a hand against her crotch and looked around for the best spot to both keep an eye on the door and get out quickly, without being seen.

Amy could be there any minute now. Erika hid in the bush nearest to the door that would still provide enough coverage to hide her and crouched there, waiting for her second in charge. As she bent down, her bladder protested against this sudden violent movement, and she gasped in shock as she involuntarily released a spurt of pee jetting from between her spread legs. She fought to regain control again and pressed her hand ever harder against her urethra to aid her. It worked, but she felt her bladder throbbing now that it had felt some of the relief. She breathed heavily trying to regain a larger amount of control and carefully lifted her hand.

She managed to hold on without any accidents, and almost as if on cue, Amy chose that moment to open up the gym. Erika's heart leapt in joy as she thought her ordeal was almost over. But something was wrong. Amy wasn't alone. Erika looked on in horror as she saw Chelsea and Helen follow suit. She couldn't quite hear what they were talking, but whatever it was they seemed excited.

That bitch Chelsea had probably informed Amy on what happened last night. How she had found Erika's clothes just lying on the ground and the three were probably coming to investigate now.

She turned out to be right. Amy took Chelsea by the hand and dragged her along, possibly to show her where she'd found the clothes and to find out what was going on. Helen remained behind, apparently to guard the door.

It's almost as if they know I'm in here, Erika thought. Ofcourse, they didn't, but they might suspect it. At the very least, they knew something was off and they were trying to get to the bottom of it.

Once Chelsea and Amy had left her view, she pondered how to get rid of Helen without raising any more suspicion. That wouldn't be an easy thing. And she didn't have much time either. Those two were probably going to sweep the gym, trying to find whatever it was that was causing this excitement. One person, she could avoid. Maybe even two, but three people? No way she could elude three people without being seen.

Erika got nervous as she realized the situation she was in had gotten a lot more complicated. Her heart started to beat more rapidly and her breathing grew slightly heavier, but worst of all her nerves were playing their magic on her bladder too. She had gradually increased the pressure of her hand on her crotch without even realizing, until she felt a dull ache reminding her to go easy down there. She had been straining her muscles to hold it. I should have peed when I woke up, she realized, but at the time she had still believed that this would be easy.

Erika's mind raced as she considered her options. There had to be a way to get out of this unscathed. She was resourceful. Smart. And right now, very very desperate. She could already hear her two underlings that had disappeared in the brush systematically seach the area and they were slowly approaching her position. Helen meanwhile, showed no signs of moving at all.

And then it struck her. It was so simple really. All she needed was a decoy. They were looking for something that didn't belong here? She'd give it to them. Erika acted quickly and snuck her way over the opposite wall on her hands and knees, carefully avoiding Helen's watchfull eyes and Amy and Chelsea's search area. Her room to move was rapidly shrinking, but she should still have enough time to do what she had in mind, if she moved quickly. Her moving was severely hampered by her bladder though, who protested fiercely against these movements, forcing her to keep her bladder on a tight leash, using her hand as a makeshift cork.

She moved agonizingly slow, but with more determination with every step. She could feel her breasts gently bounding up and down as she moved along, and in any other situation, she would have felt excited, proud and aroused.

Finally she arrived at the spot, and stopped to listen to the sounds of the forest. Her underlings were now dangerously close to her, but they were moving to where she had been a few moments ago. This gave her just enough time to enact her plan.

She left the cover of the safe brush and hobble walked towards the sprinkle system, that was luckily obstructed from Helen's point of view. For a moment she doubted if this would work, or just make matters worse, but she was almost frantic now. Her bladder was nearing the point of bursting, and she danced up and down, trying to make up her mind.

Not that she had much choice. She could either do it, and have a chance at getting out, or she could remain here and get caught like this, and on top of that probably be forced to pee herself in front of her students. Naked no less.

So she turned the sprinklers on, and they reacted almost immediately. All over her gym, the sprinkler system shot on and started watering plants, trees, flowers, pokemon and trainers alike. Erika could hear the surprised shouts from a mere 25 feet away, with just barely enough brush between them to keep them from seeing one another.

Even though Erika was spared their fate of getting hosed on, the sounds of pouring water drove her nearly insane. She jammed both hands down her crotch and danced frantically, but she was losing control quickly. A few spurts escaped and soaked her hands, but she stubbornly held on. She had to move quickly. Erika picked up a nearby rock and tossed it into a bush away from the door, where it landed with a large rustling sound. The girls froze instantly and both of them looked towards that direction.

It was Chelsea who recovered first and yelled for Helen to come quickly. They believed they'd finally found their prey.

Erika, meanwhile, wasted no time and dashed towards the now unguarded door. On the way over there, having expended too much energy on regaining her freedom and too little on bladder control, Erika finally gave in to her tired muscles in her abdomen.

She was just barely outside and down the hall as she started to pee unctrollably. Her face turned beat red as she hung her head, vainly trying to stop the flow, but it was no use. Pee litterally burst out and jetted towards the floor. Erika felt like weeping, but realized she wasn't out yet. She still had to get dressed and get out. Before anyone found this mess.

Giving up on her attempts to regain control, Erika jogged down the hall, peeing freely, leaving a little stream behind her. Almost as if to make it easy for anyone who would wish to follow her. Right now, all she wanted was to get out...

*005*2012-07-25 15:12

My apologies for the tardy replies and following story. I was originally planning to put up Part 3 past weekend, but had to work unexpectedly. I'll endeavor to make my schedules more reliable in future times. Anyway, as I promised (better late then never, right?) here's part 3. Please continue to tell me what you think of the following developments. ENJOY!

###

Erika had made it past her underlings, at least for the time being. She didn't have much time to enjoy her small victory though. Pretty soon, the 3 girls would figure out they'd been duped and come here. She had finally regained control of her bladder again, but the stream of urine was still leading them right to her. To make matters worse, Erika still had to somehow find the time to dress up and get out, in that small window of time, all while remaining undetected. She couldn't avoid the girls knowing something had been wrong last night at the gym, but she would be damned if they were going to find traces of it leading back to her.

That, at the very least she wasn't going to let happen. But even as she was determined in that belief, her rational mind told her she wouldn't have much of a choice, given the small amount of time and large amounts of daunting tasks that still lay before. She resolved to settling her current predicament one step at a time, though. Her first step should obviously be to find some clothes. After that, maybe she didn't even need to make it out. She could just pretend she came in for the day and demand to know what was going on. Maybe even turn this mess around on Chelsea and punish her for her lewd behaviour.

She smiled at the idea, but didn't dare dwell on it for too long. She dashed into the locker room just as, unbeknownst to her, the gym doors swung open and revealed 3 soaked to their skin girls, each of them looking very much dismayed, unhappy and one in particular looking very, very angry. Each of them was too occupied with changing their wet outifits however, so it was no surprise that they all overlooked the puddle and stream of urine that ran down the hall.

The girls were ofcourse, all heading to the locker room as well, looking to change their clothes.

No sooner had Erika stepped in, when she heard the unmistakable sound of Chelsea's angry voice, resonating louder every moment. Feeling panicked and trapped, Erika frantically looked around the room for a place to hide. There would be no time for putting on clothes. She had mere seconds to act, and unfortunately for her, the locker room offered precious little hiding places. They did however offer mansized lockers, and Erika wasn't too big and possessed a slim figure. She quickly ran to the back of the room, putting the middle row of lockers between herself and the door, to buy herself a few more precious seconds. She had the presence of mind to check if the back locker didn't belong to any of the girls before squirming inside it. Thankfully, all lockers were always unlocked and it was empty, aside from an old newspaper on the floor, and it provided just enough room for her to move her arms, if she didn't mind the scrapes that caused.

No sooner had she closed the locker door, leaving a small gap for her to peep through, when the front door opened and the 3 underlings walked in, soaked to their skins. Amy didn't appear to fazed or angry, but seemed to remain rather calm, while Helen appeared most shocked and panicked of the three and Chelsea was ofcourse, angry and disappointed and making sure the other 2 knew about that. Or at least, those were Erika's ideas on them, based on the sounds she heard. Chelsea and Amy were on the other side of the locker room, and her view of them was blocked by the middle row. If she squirmed her body just enough to the right, she could just barely make out Helen at the very end of the row.

Makes sense, Erika thought to herself, Helen had always been the shy, reclusive type. Ofcourse, she would try to avoid being seen while changing clothes. All she had to do, was remain here, stay quiet and hope they left soon. At the very least, they had to leave long enough to afford Erika the opportunity to get dressed. So she waited patiently and continued to watch Helen, not feeling the least bit ashamed that she was playing a peeping tom (something she usually hated in people).

As Helen started removing her clothes, Erika made sure to keep listening closely to the other two for any signs of what they were up to, but it didn't seem they would cause any trouble. At least, not right now. Helen, on the other hand was now down to her underwear and stood up, apparently trying to decide if she should remove those too. Erika was not the least bit attracted to girls in a sexual way, but she had to admit she was curious to see how the normally so sweet and shy Helen would approach her situation.

Apparently, she decided that changing her underwear with others in the room was going a step too far, and she just put on some dry clothes over her soaked underwear. Surprisingly, though, once Helen was dressed she didn't look any happier or more relieved, as Erika had expected. She still appeared to be uncomfortable and Erika just now noticed how often Helen shot nervous glances to where she assumed Amy and Chelsea were. Something was probably bothering her, but the girl was too shy to bring it anyone's attention.

Not that it's any of my concern, right now. I need to get out of here.

She was relieved to hear the girls making ready to leave and she even dared breathe a rather loud sigh of relief when she heard them open the door, to do whatever it was they were planning to do now. They hadn't brought that up yet, unfortunately. Most of their locker room conversation had been Chelsea complaining, Amy patiently listening (how did she put up with that) and Helen keeping quiet as usual.

As soon as she heard the door being closed, she started stepping out of her temporary prison, when she heard Chelsea's voice demanding to know what that was and where it had come from.

Oh, no, Erika thought, shocked and in disbelief. Somehow, she had forgotten about the puddle of pee she had been forced to release just minuted earlier. No doubt the girls had just run into that and were now ofcourse reminded of the very reason they were here in the first place.

Erika's diversion might have sidetracked them for a short while, but her accident put their attention right back on the matter at hand. Having no choice or other place to go, Erika started to feel really panicky now. She couldn't have left a more clear sign that there was a person in the gym right now, hiding somewhere in the building. And with the gym area officialy checked out and the pee being down the hall, Erika (and the underlings too, no doubt) could only come to one conclusion. Whoever was hiding among them, could only be in one place. The locker room.

Erika's heart was doing serious overtime as her mind raced to consider her options, but left her with precious few. No matter her resourcefulness and knowlegde of the place, there was only one thing she could do. Hide and hope that somehow, they'd overlook her.

The girls all came back barging in, just as Erika closed the door to her locker again. She closed her eyes and prayed fervently for them to leave. She heard two sets of doors being opened and closed systematically, when they found them empty. Somewhere, deep inside her mind, she realized that she should be hearing three sets of hands searching the area, which lead her to the conclusion that one of the girls (Helen, most likely) was not searching with them. No idea what she was doing, but whatever it was, it wasn't going to help her anyway.

Seconds ticked away, and the sounds of opening and closing locker doors kept getting closer and closer. Until finally, they reached the locker next to hers. Erika quietly wimpered as she realized she was caught and there was no getting out. Through the bars of the locker she could see two girls preparing to catch the burglar, now that they were sure where she was. (Still no sign of Helen, though).

Erika had just enough time for one last fervent wish that they would just leave when the door was yanked open violently, probably in an attempt to intimidate what the underlings still assumed was a burglar that had done something to Erika.

Instead, they found their once elegant, beautiful leader now reduced to a sniveling, wimpering child. She had pressed her back hard into the back of the locker as if she wanted to burrow her way through solid metal and rock, her legs trembling, just barely managing to hold her upright and completely exposed for all to see. The moment she had been dreading ever since last night, (even though she had tried to fool herself that she was still in control) had finally come. Her underlings had found her hiding inside a locker, bucknaked, legs still glistening with urine and crying like a little baby.

Erika couldn't bear to look any of her followers in the eye and instead just hung her head and cried bitter tears of shame and defeat.

Had Erika bothered to look up, she would have found Amy looking semi-surprised but also understanding, Helen looking absolutely shocked and flustered and Chelsea ofcourse looking victorious and gloating.

Suddenly, Helen just burst out in tears and held on to her skirt tugging at it, while shaking her head all the while muttering "No, No, No, No". None of them understanding what was wrong with her, it soon became apparent when Chelsea noticed pee trickling down Helen's legs. She pointed at the mess Helen was making and didn't know where to direct her mean comments first. Erika or Helen.

Both girls slumped to the ground, embarassed beyond words, pushed over the edge by Chelsea's mean attitude.

Amy, meanwhile, was the only one to keep a clear head and think straight to this entire ordeal and there were only two things that she could think of right now: She needed to help her friends and they needed to do something about Chelsea.

Not much wetting in this part, for which I apologize, but I assure you that it will be upcoming in the final chapter to make up for the lack of it in this one. If everything goes according to plan, chapter 4 should be posted some time this weekend. As always, feel free to tell me your thoughts, criticism and ideas of my story.

*007*2012-07-25 16:57

Maybe it does, maybe it doesn't. I won't ask what you think is coming up, but I hope that you'll find part 4 enjoyable to read nevertheless.

*008*2012-07-29 15:02

The closing chapter of this little story. For this one, I had little choice but to include conversations (something I usually try to avoid, because I mess it up most of the time). Anyway, if you actually managed to stay with me so far, be sure to tell me what you think. Enjoy this final installment!

###

Two weeks later.

Erika patiently waited in her gym for her newest and meanest underling to arrive. She had closed the place for the day and sent everyone but Chelsea a text message that the gym was closed today. Today would be the day that Erika got even with Chelsea. She would right the wrongs that had been done to her.

Together with Amy and Helen, she'd come up with a plan to get back at Chelsea. It was Amy who had come up with the suggestion that Chelsea would learn her lesson best if she had felt the pain and embarassment Helen and Erika had to endure. While Erika initially did argue that she had brought her predicament on herself, Amy pointed out that if she didn't do it for herself, she should do it to punish Chelsea for getting together with men in the gym. That was all the persuasion Erika had needed. So Erika waited.

She didn't need to wait long. Before long Chelsea came in and looked surprised when she found the place empty, except for Erika. Normally, by the time she got there, people were already training or tending to the flowers and plants. She frowned and walked up to Erika.

'Erika? What's going on here? Where is everyone?' She seemed to be closer to being angry rather then suspicious, which was good. Erika smiled and responded: 'Chelsea. So glad you could make it. Please, sit down. I've been waiting for you.'

Chelsea, growing more angry and confused by the second, glared at Erika and stubbornly kept standing up. Erika just shrugged and continued talking, as if she wasn't bothered by her underlings defiant behaviour.

'You know that this is, Chelsea?'

She produced a small, electronic device in the palm of her hand and showed it to Chelsea, who regarded it casually before sniffing idignantly and finally replying,

'Sure. It's a PokéNav. Let's you do all sorts of cool things. Why?'

Erika smiled again (she couldn't seem to stop) and said,

'I'm glad you asked. But we'll get to that in a second. First, I need something from you, if you don't mind.'

'From me? What?'

Now Erika finally got up and looked her underling square in the eye, giving Chelsea the first indication that something was terribly off today.

'It's going to sound ridiculous, but I assure you, if you don't give it to me, you'll like the consequences of that choice even less.'

'JUST TELL ME!' Chelsea yelled. She couldn't shake the feeling that the longer she stayed here and listened to Erika, the deeper she got herself in trouble, but she couldn't leave. She simply had to know.

'I need your panties', Erika replied calmly and looked Chelsea up and down. She was wearing her usual clothes. A blue and whiteT-shirt with a small bowtie in the center, a red skirt that reached to about halfway her thighs and white socks and sneakers.For a moment, Chelsea couldn't believe what she was hearing. She almost burst out in laughter at this ridiculous request, but something about Erika's behaviour stopped her.

Instead, she just smirked and sarcastically said, 'My panties? Sure, I'll get right on that. Just right after I run through the gym buttnaked'.

That little remark hit home. For the first time since Chelsea had come in, Erika lost her composure. She glared at Chelsea and even raised her hands as if to lash out at her, but she caught herself and regained her calm.

'I thought you might say that. That's why I think it's in your best interest to know just what exactly is one this little Pokénav. Curious?'Despite herself, Chelsea was curious to find out what was going.

'Show me,' she demanded.Erika pressed a few buttons, and showed Chelsea the pictures that were on it. All of them were of a naked girl, in various daring poses. But instead of whoevers face it was that was supposed to be on that body, it had been replaced with Chelsea's.

'THAT'S NOT ME!' she yelled out in shock, disgust and feeling very uneasy about where this was going.

'I know,' Erika replied, 'but your friends don't know that. What would happen if I were to send this to everyone you knew? You think you can convince them all this isn't you?'

Chelsea gritted her teeth and gave Erika a foul look that left little to the imagination on what she would do, if she thought she could get away with it. She lashed out to try and snatch the device out of Erika's hands, but Erika was too far away and too quick on her feet.

She nimbly dodged the clumsy strike and said: 'Ah, ah, ah. I wouldn't do that if I were you. This is my gym, remember? If you even so much as lay a hand on me, well...' Instead of finishing her sentence she gestured to the bushes, which rustled in response, as if something big (or many things small) were making their presence known.

'Now, then,' Erika said, 'now that you know where you stand, I'll just ask you again. Give me your panties, or I'll send this to all your friends. And don't think I won't do it. Not after I found out what you do in here with god knows who after hours.'

Chelsea got back on her feet and never stopped giving Erika a foul look.

But there was nothing she could do. If she left now, her social life would be ruined by those pictures and she wasn't sure she could ever recover from that. If she tried to assault Erika, she risked getting mauled by her loyal pokémon.

She had to obey.Slowly, she reached up her skirt and hooked her thumbs underneath the elastic. She gave Erika one last foul look, almost as if she wanted to pour all her hatred into her stare, but Erika just remained calm and composed, looking at her.Chelsea quickly yanked her panties down to her knees, to make sure that Erika couldn't sneak a peek at her private parts, and finally dropped them to the floor and stepped out of them.

'Now what? Let me guess, you want my shirt too? You have a thing for nakedness, don't you?'

Erika remained unfazed this time, however, and merely picked up the panties.

'Now, we're going shopping, you and me. Oh, but first, I want you to drink this.'

Erika produced a small bottle of water from within her kimono and handed it over to Chelsea. Chelsea suspiciously regarded the contents and asked 'What are you talking about? Shopping? And what's in here?'

'You don't need to know that. All you need to know is that you need to drink that and listen to me.'

Chelsea popped the top of the bottle open and took a careful sip. She didn't immediately taste anything odd, but she put the bottle back down regardless.

Erika chuckled. 'Nice try, but no go. All of it. Now. I won't ask you again.'

Chelsea almost refused, but looked at the Pokénav again and was reminded of her situation. So she drank the entire bottle. She couldn't help but wonder what was in it.

'And now,' Erika said cheerfully, 'like I said, you and me are going shopping. I think that's just what we need to tighten the bonds of our friendship, don't you?'

Chelsea didn't respond, but kept looking at the Pokénav, waiting for just the right time to snatch it. Erika was no fool however, and made sure to keep well clear of Chelsea's reach.

Apparently, Erika wasn't lying. They went to the Pokémart and spent two hours shopping. Or rather, Erika did all the shopping and made Chelsea carry all her things. Chelsea, meanwhile was very aware of the fact that she was bottomless underneath her skirt and was getting more and more nervous with each passing minute.

Erika noticed this and congratulated herself with a plan that was turning out just perfectly. And to compound matters further for Chelsea, the past hour or so she had felt the need to pee incredibly badly. It had come on suddenly and she wasn't prepared for it at all.

Erika kept dragging her from one shelf to the next, pretending to be friendly and cheerful towards her, but Chelsea knew (or at least suspected) that her real objective was to keep her hands full.That way she was preventing her from reaching down and covering her modesty or relieve her pressure.

Chelsea quickly went from uncomfortable to anxious to desperate and was now in a state of near bursting. She had given up trying to cover up her predicament and was shamelessly bounding up and down and her legs crossed tightly, for all to see.

And indeed, quite a few heads turned her way. Erika, ofcourse, refused to let her go or pretended not to hear her pleas.Just as Chelsea started to believe that Erika wouldn't let her go until she had wet herself in public, Erika gave in.

'You wanna use the bathroom that badly? Fine, we'll go.' Chelsea could scarcely believe her ears. But she wasn't about to make a fuss over it. At this point, holding it in was all she could think about. She let Erika lead the way to the bathroom, rubbing her thighs together and pulling up her legs high to prevent herself from leaking. On a few occasions, she was a bit too drastic in her movements and her skirt slid up further then she was comfortable with, granting anyone who happened to look her way a juicy look up her skirt, but she couldn't bring herself to care about that just now and she definetely couldn't stop fidgeting now.

Finally, they arrived at the mart's bathroom and Chelsea quickly dropped the shopping bags and ran inside, both hands firmly tucked between her legs. She dashed into the girl's room and tried the first stall, but that was locked. She quickly tried the other two, but they appeared to be locked as well. With both hands still tucked between her legs, Chelsea was desperately looking for a place to pee now. A bucket, a sink, hell, even a gutter pit would do at this point.

Erika calmly walked in and watched Chelsea squirm and twist in agony for a while. Then she stepped inside, closed the door behind her and shoved Chelsea hard against the wall. Chelsea, shocked and surprised, yelped and couldn't help but release an embarassingly long spurt of pee into her skirt that she was pressing into her groin with both hands. She felt the cotton material getting soaked as well as her hands, and focused all her efforts on regaining control. With a massive effort, she managed to hold it in, but she knew it wouldn't last much longer. Erika meanwhile, wasted no time.

While Chelsea had been struggling over control of her bladder, Erika had picked up a pair of scissors and had cut her shirt from top to bottom. By the time Chelsea noticed this, she had worked her way up to the sleeves and just as Chelsea realized what was going on, Erika finished her last snip on the right sleeve and stepped back to look at her work.Chelsea's hand shot up to her shirt instinctively to protect her modesty, but the rest of her shirt fell to the ground, now reduced to useless pieces of textile.

Chelsea stood leaned against the wall, one hand draped over what was left of her shirt across her breasts, the other still tucked firmly between her legs and with tears in her eyes she looked at Erika powerless and pleading, 'No. Please, no. Don't. I'll do anything!'

Erika laughed haughtily and replied, 'You don't need to do everything, Chelse. Just this one last thing and then you're off the hook. Promise.'

With that, Erika stepped forward and yanked at the remaining fabrics of Chelsea's shirt and her skirt. Both gave way easily and came loose, leaving Chelsea standing starknaked. Shocked, embarassed and defeated, Chelsea dropped to her knees and cried bitter tears as she finally released control over her bladder. As she sat there on her knees, crying, a puddle of pee forming around her, Erika spoke, 'Now you'll know how it feels. Good luck getting out.'

