Chapter 1: At School

Author: xXGabrielXx

*000*2013-07-29 08:24

This is the first chapter in my "book" i'm gonna have here. All the characters are made up so here it goes. Hope y'all like it:

Kaitlen was in the class room trying to concentrate on what the teacher was saying. The teacher was teaching math which was not Kaitlen's best subject.

"Kaitlen what is the answer to the problem on the board?" the teacher, Mrs. Green, asked.

Kaitlen looked up from her notes. The problem was Kaitlen's bladder was full so she couldn't concentrate enough to answer the teacher.

"Um. I don't know, Mrs. Green" Kaitlen replied.

"Well pay attention" Mrs. Green said.

Then Kaitlen went back to writing notes. She looked at the clock. There were 20 minutes left of class. Kaitlen knew she wouldn't make it to the end of class without wetting her shorts. The teacher assigned the homework and went and sat down at her desk. Kaitlen walked up to her.

"Mrs. Green?" Kaitlen said.

"Yes, Kaitlen?" Mrs. Green said.

"May I go to the restroom?" Kaitlen asked.

"There's 15 minutes left of class you can wait" Mrs. Green said.

Kaitlen went and sat back down. Kaitlen knew she souldn't have drank so much water at lunch but it was a hot day adn she had been so thirsty. She discreetly put her hand on her crotch to try to hold her pee back more.

Kaitlen was working on her homework, then she looked up at the clock. 5 minutes left. 'I can wait 5 more mminutes' Kaitlen thought. Then she felt a spurt of pee come out into her panties. 'No I can't wet myself in front of my classmates' she thought. Then she squeezed her legs together and kept working on her homework.

The bell rang and Kaitlen gathered her stuff and ran to the bathroom. All the stall were full. She stood there doing th pee-pee dance. Then she realized her pee was not the only reason her panties were wet. She realized she wasa extremly aroused. Then one of the stalls opened and she ran into it and locked the door.

As soon as she had the door locked her pee came out in full force. It felt so good Kaitlen couldn't help but little a tiny moan escape her. She stood thee peeing for a good 2 minutes.

After the stream dwindled down and stopped she looked down to inspect the damge. Kaitlen had on dark shorts so nobody could notice.

Kaitlen then unlocked the door and headed to her locker to get her stuff for her next class.

After the last class of the day Kaitlen went home and took care of her other problem.

Unitl next time bye:)

*002*2013-07-29 09:39

{{:

I enjoy a simple school scenario, so I liked this. I have suggestions though.

You should learn where to make line breaks and form paragraphs so your story will be easier to read. Also you should invest in adding more detail and build up to what's happening to your characters. A little background on them wouldn't hurt either.

This is also a tad short for a chapter but I've seen shorter.

}}

Thank you for the advice i will take that into account when i write the next chapter :)

