Humanitarian Crisis Journalism

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2023-07-11 19:37

Preface

It didn’t start with the flap of a butterfly’s wing.

It also didn’t start with a tortoise sneeze.

How exactly it started is up for some debate, depending who is asked.

What isn’t up for debate, is the broad agreement that it stemmed from above. The elite, the powerful, the rich, the untouchables. The top 1% of the top 1% of the top 1%. The select few who had everything to lose, and still managed to lose everything only for everyone else.

Decisions they made, policies they forced down the throats of high level politicians, and moral compasses they ignored.

We’ll never know their names.

We can only live with their consequences.

Morning 1

“When’s the last time you peed?” Captain Joe Jones asked.

“I… I’m sorry, what?” April Hughs replied, shocked. At just 21 years old and fresh out of the Academy, the Captain had at least 15 years on her. Not to mention he was male and she was not. Also, why would he ask? Was this hazing or was he into her or what was happening??

Captain Jones sighed. “Your bladder, when’s the last time you emptied it?”

”If it’s been longer than about 15 minutes, go do so again. It’s an hour ride there and, of course, an hour back. We’ll be there for no less than 3 hours by my best guess, which has known to be off. There is no stopping anywhere on the route, for obvious safety reasons. And I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we’re not in a country that is particularly supportive of women outside of a child bearing and rearing role.”

“So,” he continued. “Unless you’re confident in your ability to not use a bathroom all day, or you’re somehow both comfortable AND competent in utilizing a bottle in the back of our armored vehicle, I’d suggest you make peeing just before we leave a priority. EVERY time we leave.”

“Yes, sir. Thank you for explaining that to me,” April replied, both glad it there was an actual reason, but also a little embarrassed. What 21 year old had to be reminded to pee?

“It’s been about an hour, Sir.” She continued.

Another sigh from the Captain. “Go ahead and take a bathroom break again now. We’ll wait, I suppose.”

“Yes, Sir,” April weakly offered and started across the vehicle bay towards the bathroom, even more embarrassed.

Behind her, from all around their armored vehicle, she could hear whispered comments and muffled giggles from the team she would be integrated and riding out on all missions with. Being told to go potty by a commanding officer in front of her whole team was not the first day impression she had dreamed of while in the Academy.

The bathroom in the bay left a lot to be desired. She had learned that an hour ago when she went just prior to getting ready. She thought that would have been an appropriate time to “go just in case”. Turns out she was wrong.

2 square feet would be a generous way to describe the tiny room. A sink the size of a mini watermelon was mounted on the left wall when you step in - a broken handheld mirror taped above it. Directly across from the door was a toilet more fit for a port-a-potty than an actual bathroom. It had most of a seat, a bowl big enough for a large salad that had about a cup of water resting in the bottom, and a handle to flush. A toilet by definition and base-level function only. A toilet paper holder had once been attached to the wall on the right. Now, a lone role of single ply sat on the edge of the sink, not entirely dry itself.

April had been in shock the first time she went in earlier. How could anyone live like this? She had to remind herself she was working with a team of military males. This level of accommodation would be her new norm. Unfortunately.

She’d have to work on this - no way was this going to be the way she spent the next 18 months of her deployment.

In the meantime though, she had to figure out how to pee in here with all her gear on. And quickly - the entire team was literally waiting on her.

When she’d gone before, she was only wearing her standard issue Forrest Green T-shirt and BDU camo pants with combat boots. And, of course, her standard issue 1-size-fits-a-few white cotton panties (when she first picked them up just after arrival, she idly wondered if the males had the same - the crotch was HUGE on her and left plenty of room for either gender), and similarly sized white cotton bra that left NOTHING to the imagination when dry, she didn’t even want to think about it getting wet.

There was barely enough room in the closet to achieve what she needed before, wearing just those bare basics.

Now, with 30 kilograms of body armor including a triangle area that protruded down from her vest to protect her nether area, the task seemed monumental. Plus, she had her helmet on (another 3kg), and her fatigue jacket further restricting her movements.

First, April tried to move the crotch flap out of the way… Without any success, since it only flopped up and hung down at her waistline, with nothing to hold it up.

Annoyed, she next worked on unbuttoning her BDUs - a project all its own with the armored vest restricting her ability to bend and her groin guard still flapping in the way.

She was finally able to pull down her BDUs and panties that she still couldn’t believe were so oddly and badly shaped.

Backing up the half step to the toilet, she squatted over awkwardly in all her gear and tried to position herself as best she could in the half squat / half hover position.

April took a deep breath and tried to relax. She’d never been one to hover, almost always opting instead for the paper seat liners or a TP nest.

She took another breath out and pushed a little. While she had felt no need to go whatsoever in the bay, she now felt like she could go a little. There was definitely some in her bladder.

The trouble, though, was it didn’t want to come out. April pushed a little, tried to relax completely, and even tried bouncing a bit. Nothing seemed to work.

“Hey Paper Girl,” she heard called out from the other side of the door. “Wrap it up in there! Let’s go!”

April’s face immediately flashed warm and red from embarrassment. She realized she had been so focused on the sad state of the bathroom, figuring out how to undress enough to go, and finally trying to go —- she’d been in there way too long.

Considering she barely even felt any need to go at all - she was in there only at the direct order of the Captain, after all - and how long she’d already taken, delaying the entire team, April gave up.

Grabbing onto the waist of her BDUs and panties, she pulled both of them most of the way up in a single motion as she stood, abandoning her hovering post at the toilet without so much as a drop finding its way out. No need to wipe and no time to worry about her mostly non-existent need. She’d be fine. She’d have to be.

April quickly pulled her panties the rest of the way up, BDUs following under the body armor and buttoned them as quickly as she could, foregoing re-zippering them in favor of saving time.

Since she didn’t go, she didn’t wash her hands either and was out the door in record time.

Where is everyone??? She thought as she walked out into the bay, her team suspiciously missing.

“Hey! Paper Girl’s finally done taking a leak!” She heard from inside the armored vehicle. Of course! Everyone was already ready. Waiting on her.

Embarrassment flashed through her once more as she sheepishly climbed in the passenger side back seat, filling out the last open spot.

She latched secure the heavy steel door shut just as they started pulling out of the garage.

The moment their tires rolled onto the dry, hard-packed sand and rocks, April felt the heat of the desert spilling through the dusty, thick window. It surprised her how sudden and intense it was, even with the A/C on full. She’d been warned during orientation how brutal it would be, but there was a difference between being told, and being exposed to it.

April leaned back in the barely padded seat. It was going to be a long ride in this heat.

Up front, driving was Sparky. April had learned during pre-deployment orientation that his call-sign was such because he had an uncanny ability to fix anything electrical or mechanical. He had the exact same ability to break those same things, maybe even with greater frequency. But it was important to focus on the positives - he could fix a wider range of things faster than most.

Somewhere in his 30’s and on his 3rd contract, Sparky was done with everyone at this point. Nothing surprised him, nothing seemed to excite him, and his general attitude towards everyone reflected as much. His attitude only envied by the man sitting next to him in the passenger’s seat.

Captain Joe Jones, himself. An entire military career already complete, it wasn’t clear why he was still on active duty. Yet here he he was, in all his stoic, grumbling, and generally annoyed glory.

“Hey Paper Girl,” came a voice from the side-facing seat behind the driver. “Looks like you’re having a rough time in the heat already.”

Bones. April could only guess why that was his call-sign. He was a trigger-happy 23 year old with a wicked temper and a mouth that found its own way into trouble more often than not.

“I give it 3 hours. 4 tops. You’ll be begging your Officer to transfer you to an easier assignment.”

“Why do you call me Paper Girl?” April asked, ignoring his negativity. “Is that my call-sign?”

“You don’t have a call-sign,” answered the individual in the seat next to April as Bones snickered. Hot Shot.

Of all the team members April had been briefed on, she knew the least about Hot Shot. He was the team’s medic and generally regarded as the second in command, though Sparky would beg to differ. She knew the call-sign Hot Shot came from before he was on the team, having spent the latter half of his teen years fighting fires in the Western US.

“You aren’t cleared for live munitions,” he continued to explain. His voice was higher pitched than April had expected. Certainly higher than the rest of the team. Could all the years of being surrounded by smoke while he was still developing have caused that? “That means no call-sign for you.”

“Buttt,” came the final member of the team from behind the back row, sitting backwards against the back seat. VB. The team’s interpreter. He allegedly was fluent in 6 different languages and conversational in another 3. Once again, the origins of his call-sign were shrouded in a layer of mystery, though April liked to believe it was just shorthand for Verbose. “Obviously we can’t use real names, so you needed a nickname.” He said.

“And since we’re stuck with you so you can write some paper or something,” Bones interjected. “We might as well call you something appropriate. Paper Girl.”

“We’re literally in the middle of the worst humanitarian disaster in recorded human history,” April retorted angrily. There were few things she was particularly passionate about. Journalism and human rights rounded out 2 of the top 2. “This moment in history needs to be, deserves to be documented. People’s stories, the day-to-day moments and acts of kindness in spite of all the surrounding destruction. It needs to be told and shared with the world both now, and for generations to come.”

“Some chose to tell those stories through video, others through photography,” April continued. “I chose writing as my medium of choice. And as such, I have a weekly article both in various papers and on our website that I’m responsible for.”

“She’s just doing her job,” Captain Jones chimed in for the first time from the front. “Just like you and me and every other poor SOB to be stuck in this terrible country.”

“So Bones,” He continued. “Lay off her a little. And Paper Girl - good for you for being passionate, but I’m going to need you to tone it down a bit on these long rides.”

“Anyway,” Captain Jones moved on. “Sparky, what’s our temperature at right now?”

“112 Fahrenheit,” Sparky replied, looking at the thermometer on the dashboard. “45 Celsius, VB.”

“Much appreciated,” VB thanked.

“Right, well, it’s not going to get any colder out today and we’re what, 20 minutes from our destination?” Captain Jones said. “I think now is as good a time as any to order mandatory hydration.”

“Mandatory hydration?” April turned to Hot Shot, who had pulled two bottles of water out from under the seat, handing one to her.

“It’s hot out,” he replied as each of the team members procured their own bottle and took a first sip or two.

Hot Shot sighed as April gave him a questioning look. “When this all first started and this little team of ours was assembled and deployed, we learned a few things very quickly. Most obviously was the heat.”

“Day in and day out, it rarely dips below 90 during daylight hours,” He continued. “Even in the Winter, most of the country is still scorching. It can be brutal on your body.”

“We lost more than one good soldier to heat exhaustion in those early days,” Captain Jones interjected. “So now, I don’t take any chances.”

April turned back to Hot Shot who concluded, “Just make sure you finish that bottle before we get there. It’s easier to stay ahead of the hydration curve and impossible to catch up.”

April was conflicted and deep in thought as they tumbled down the dirt road, the sun beaming through the window only getting stronger and hotter.

On one hand, it was horrifically hot. And she was just sitting in the AC. It would be terrible once they had to get out and move around.

On the other, this was a lot of water for someone without access to a bathroom for who knows how long.

Of course she’d sweat some… honestly probably all… of it out, given the temperature. And she had gone to the bathroom recently. Not quite as recently as everyone on the team thought, but still, it hadn’t been too long.

As the only female on the team, she wasn’t sure what sympathy or support she would receive from everyone should she end up having to go while they were away from base. Would anyone help her find someplace to go? Would they let her be gone long enough to go? Could she figure out how to go in all the body armor (she was still ashamed she couldn’t do so earlier).

Despite all her questions and insecurities, she settled on the decision that she didn’t really have a choice at all. This was a direct order from a superior officer. He wasn’t even her superior. While she was integrated, she was the responsibility of the team. And they could technically have her removed any time for any reason. There was dozens of people in line for an assignment like this one, this close to the main action.

April sighed as she started drinking her water.

It felt great! So cold and refreshing. She didn’t realize how thirsty she actually was and wanted badly to down the whole bottle in one go after taking that first sip.

She restrained herself from gulping it too quickly though, tipping the bottom up just as Sparky announced, “We’re here!”

Both he and Captain Jones opened their doors at the same time, flooding the entire cab with heat. Hot Shot and Bones quickly followed suit as April grudgingly opened her door.

She instantly regretted it as a literal wave of hot air flowed over her, feeling her whole body start to sweat from just the motion of getting out.

Captain Jones, VB, and Sparky all made their way across the town square to an open air patio area where a number of townspeople were waiting. Bones, Hot Shot and April - by default of not knowing what was happening - hung back, closer to their armored vehicle.

“I thought we were just coming out to clear a few houses of potential munitions or traps?” April asked. She directed the question to both Bones and Hot Shot, hoping for an answer by the latter.

“Gotta meet with the village elders, first,” Bones replied.

“For their help, or blessing, or…?” April asked further.

“For tea,” Hot Shot answered.

April realized they were going to be here for a while. She didn’t see any way Captain Jones’ time estimate was going to be even close to correct. In fairness, he did warn he likely wasn’t right.

She also came to the realization that regardless of how much she was sweating, she was going to have to pee before they got back to base.

*004*2023-11-20 21:54

Midday 1

Tea with the village elders sounded like it should be quick. 20 minutes? A half hour, maybe?

That’s what April thought. But as she, Bones and Hot Shot passed the 90 minute mark waiting for Captain Jones, Sparky and VB to finish their meeting, her hopes faded.

While waiting, April had sought shade, sitting against the wall, beside their ride. Hot Shot and Bones both similarly paced around near the vehicle, but under the shade of overhangs of some of the buildings in the courtyard.

Even in the shade, the temperature was still scorchingly hot. From the moment she stepped out of the minimal A/C of their armored vehicle, her entire body was damp from sweat. She could feel her underwear, and more so her bra sticking to her skin, soaked through.

While her white bra offered some privacy when it was dry, she was sure it was 99.9% see-through in its current state. Not that anyone would see it under her clothing and body armor.

While tea time was still underway, Hot Shot had grabbed another three bottles of water, handing one each to Bones and April.

April was glad for the cold, refreshing liquid. It went down easy and she felt a little better after finishing the entire bottle in about three gulps.

Of course, she knew she needed it in this heat. But that didn’t stop the voice in the back of her mind reminding her about the lack of access to a bathroom. She didn’t particularly need to go yet, but even if she did, she wouldn’t be able to go anywhere.

The three travel companions turned to each other as they all heard it at the same time - laughing.

Sure enough, a gaggle of local kids of all ages came barreling into the village square. All chasing after what could’ve been a soccer ball, but was so worn it was impossible to tell.

April sat up and pulled a notebook out of her backpack as she watched. The group was all collectively laughing and passing the ball around, no one hogging it, and no one excluded.

She noticed immediately they were just interested in having fun and making sure the others were also having fun. There was no rules, no particular game play. Just a group of local youths making the most of the day.

This was what she was here for. Despite the circumstances of the country, this was such an uplifting moment. This was going to be part or maybe even all of her first week’s article.

The trio watched for a while as April scribbled down notes before the group moved on, playing towards a different area of the village.

Shortly after, the elders, VB, Sparky and Captain Jones finally came strolling out. April, Bones and Hot Shot all stood, waiting for orders.

“We’ve been asked to clear several houses for traps, munitions, explosives, and anything else unsafe,” Captain Jones began. “I have obviously agreed and offered our services and time.”

“Given the late hour of the day and the amount of work in front of us, the elders have been gracious enough to allow us to stay in one of the houses overnight,” He continued. “We’ll finish our sweep early tomorrow morning and I expect to be back on base by noon.”

This plan took April completely by surprise. So much for 5 or 6 hours away from base. Now it just turned into a sleepover.

She had so many questions, but no one else seemed caught off guard, and April didn’t want to bring any more attention to herself.

“Bones, “ Captain Jones interrupted April’s spiraling panic. “I’m parched. Grab us each some waters.”

“Uh, sir?” April started.

“Paper girl,” Captain Jones acknowledged.

“Bones, Hot Shot and myself just had a bottle of water each,” April said to the Captain, hoping she sounded more confident than she felt. Her confidence level dropped impossibly low though, as Bones stopped in his tracks.

“And…?” Captain Jones asked calmly.

“And… I um… I just wanted you to know that before Bones grabbed all of us a water.” April answered, now completely unsure of herself.

Captain Jones waited a moment before continuing, “Noted. Bones, those waters, if you will.”

April frowned as Bones proceeded to retrieve, then distribute yet another water bottle to each person.

She found herself at a bit of a crossroad. She knew she had to drink the water. Captain’s orders. And honestly, she wanted to it was so hot out.

But the amount of water she was drinking was becoming concerning. She was going to end up needing to go sooner. And the questions of where and how loomed over her.

Without further hesitation though, she joined her team in tipping her bottle up and downing its liquid contents. No sense delaying the inevitable.

