On the train

Author: xAsunax

*000*2016-02-10 12:50

My first story.. Hope you like it ^^

Emma was a cute girl, she was about 18 yrs old, had a slim body and D cup breasts.. Everybody loved her for her personality. One day Emma was going to the night club with her friends, she was at home deciding what to wear, she chose to wear a sexy crop top and a mini skirt..she wore pink cotton panties.. Before going out she had a cup of tea and headed to the night club where she met her friends, they were all as sexy as her.

"Oh, here's our Emma." said Mendi " why are ya so late gul! "

"hahahaha sorry Mendi I was picking up my clothes ;)." Emma replied.

The girls went in and started dancing, Emma wasn't addicted to alcohol so she didn't drink more than a glass of beer then she ordered some orange juice, coffee and a few cups of tea.. By the time she started dancing she could feel pressure building up in her lower abdomen. But she wasn't desperate yet so she kept on dancing. She wouldn't waste her time going to the bathroom. And by the end of the nighr she was really desperate..

When she decided to go to the toilet her friend Mendi saw her and told her that they had to go because their friends had caused many troubles.. Emma was a few steps away from the bathroom and now she has to leave.

"Fine, I'm not so desperate yet." Emma thought " I can hold it till I get home."

Emma's home wasn't far away from the night club but she had to take the train. Emma said bye to Mendi and the others and went to ride the train.. Unluckily the train was very crowded.

"why the hell is the train so crowded!" Emma thought. "Shit I really need the loo"

She was standing near to the train pole next to the doors in order to get out fast when the door opens.. "man why did I take the train." she thought

She was now shifting her feet and trying to balance herself.. This made her look so sexy.. Suddenly she felt a hand touching her bare legs. "wtf!! Why now of all times" Emma murmured. "If I didn"t need the loo I would've kicked his ass."

The man started sliding his hands till he reached her butt..he started squeezing it. Then he left her skirt to see her pino knickers. "One hell of a sexy girl." he thought. The train was so crowded so nobody could see what he was doing.. He started sliding his fingers till he reached her crotch. Emma started fidgeting " ohh no please not now." she said in a low voice. The man started rubbing her clit slowly and when he heard her moans he started rubbing faster and faster. Poor Emma, she pressed herself tightly against the pole hoping she can reach her home faster. The man was aroused and pulled her panties away and started fingering her fast. "oh fuck, stop I'm gonna pee.. Stop please.. Please nooo" Emma said in pain. 

The man continued to finger her. Emma was trying her hardest to control the flood which was screaming to go out of her vagina. Then the man's fingers started pushing on her lower abdomen. "shit, did he notice! What am I to do now" Emma said. The man pushed and pushed till a few spurts escaped her vagina lips. Luckily the train reached her destination and she left not looking back to know who was that.. She was shifting her weight, crossing and uncrossing her legs, grabbing her crotch with her hands tightly, she was doing all she could to hold her liquid.. What the man had done increases her desperation.. Luckily she had reached her apartment safely, her panties were wet and she was on the verge of losing herself. Suddenly she heard a sound. She went to look trying to keep her legs tightly closed. She saw her ex-boyfriend.

"oh, here you are. Were you enjoying having fun with other guys? Hope you had some fun cuz it's my turn to have fun now"

"what are you!!! We broke up are you crazy! Leave me alone" Emma shouted.

"hahaha we'll see about that." the guy said

He was drunk. He started grabbing her and held her tightly, this made the pressure on her bladder increase more. "leave me alone, I have to pee" Emma screamed.

The boy smirked " this's gonna be the greatest night of my life" he thought. Then he turned to her and said " so what if you have to pee.. I won't let you go hahahaha ". She told him that he was crazy and as an answer to that he held her and threw her on the bed.. This made a few spurts escape, now there was a visible spot..this turned him on, he bent over her and started kissing her, she kissed him back.. He started massaging her breasts then he reached her abdomen.. 

He started pressing on her bladder, which made her squirm and put her hands between her legs trying her best not to pee and not to satisfy him. " man you're making me horny" he said. Then he removed her hands and started rubbing her clit so fast.. Another spurts escaped. She cried begging him not to do that to her but he didn't listen to her. Then he started fingering her and pushing on her bladder all at once till she moaned, crossed her legs tightly around his hand but this didn't help now. She was peeing, moans of relief escaped her lips and tears ran down her cheeks.

