FanFic: The Little Mage's Desperation

Author: XeroForce

*000*2012-07-29 03:58

Hello everyone!

As you can see, I'm new here, and I have been looking in this site for about a year ago, and I finally got my account. I'm not really good about introductions, so making a story is the way of my introduction. :p

Soo.. As I have sweeped my way through this site, I noticed there are no (or few, if I have mistaken) Fairy Tail Omorashi fanfics here, even though FT has grew to a quite popular anime. So I decided to make one. This fanfic is about a young mage from the FairyTail guild, Levy, and her story in a misfortuned day in Magnolia, capital of Fiore.

Levy, the young Mage, is on a rut. She was thinking of buying some iron and bolts for Gajeel, but she didn't have the courage to do it.

It was a sunny day in Magnolia, and Levy thought it might be a good idea for a stroll. Then she came across a metal junk store, and just as she saw it, she remembered the Iron Dragon Slayer, Gajeel Redfox, one of the strong Mages in Fairy Tail, and, most importantly, her crush. Yes, it seemed so unlogical to her, but what can she do? Love IS love.

Finally, after a hard time, Levy bought the metal junk parts and went to Fairy Hills. When she reached Fairy Hills, she went into her room and tied the junk with a pretty ribbon, and tagged it with a paper that says "To Gajeel". Of course, she was too afraid to let others, except Lucy Heartfilia, her best friend, to know that she liked Gajeel. At that time, her bladder gave off an urgency to go, but she ignored it anyway, because she was too excited to give her gift to the Iron Dragon.

After a while, Levy reached Fairy Tail. When she entered, she saw Gajeel arguing with Natsu Dragneel, the Fire Dragon Slayer, and immediately started a brawl with him. "This is my chance," Levy thought, placing the metal gift in a table besides the fighting Dragon Slayers, then ran away. Only Mirajane Strauss noticed that Levy gifted Gajeel with that, and giggled a little.

"You want more? Get some! Fire Dragon's Roar!" Natsu let out a burst of fire to attack Gajeel. "Hey Flame-Head! No magic inside the guild, you dumbass!" Someone with no shirt on yelled atop the battle. "Shut up, Gray!" Both Dragon Slayers yelled to the shirtless Gray. "Awright, I'm gonna charge up by eating this- hey wait, what is this iron doing here?" Gajeel wondered who gave him this iron. Moreover, it has a writing on it, saying "To Gajeel".

Levy rushed quickly. She would have attended her bladder urgency since she got to her dormitory. Then she wouldn't have running around trying to find a bathroom. "Oh my, I gotta pee.." Levy mumbled slowly. Her hopes suddenly raised when she saw a sign in the road fork, saying "Public Toilet", but that hope downfalled when she saw a 16-person line in front of the toilet stall. She began to cry. She couldn't possibly hold that long! And she wouldn't make it if she went to the guild's toilet or her dorm, she had went too far. Suddenly, Levy heard a familiar voice in her back. "Hey kid, this metal gift for me?"

Levy turned her back then, in shock, she spurted a little. Realizing how alarming this is, she held her crotch tightly with one hand so that Gajeel doesn't realize she's on pain. "Uh,um- yeah.. That is for y-you, Gajeel," Levy staggered through her words. "Somethin' the matter?" Worst case scenario. "Uh, Gajeel, do you mind if-uh, I go ahead?" Levy blushed and still trying to hold her throbbing bladder."Go? Go where?" Gajeel said, not knowing that Levy needed to use the toilet real bad. Levy decided that she couldn't take it any longer. "I-uh, see you later!" With that, Levy took off with a few spurts of pee escaping through her vagina.

This is big trouble for Levy, since Magnolia is a very busy city, she couldn't find any place she could crouch and just let it go. Even more, Gajeel is on her trail, trying to figure out what's happening to Levy. Finally, she found a dark alley and she didn't waste any moment. She ducked behind the garbage dump, but luck is not on her side. As soon as Levy pulled her panties down, Gajeel came searching for her. She began to pee, but it's too late. Gajeel found her, and the shock made her pull her panties up again, and stood up while her bladder loses control and pee washes her dress and shoes.

"Why do you follow me, stupid Gajeel?!" Levy said as she gave a slap to Gajeel's face, while herself is blushing and crying like crazy because of embarrasment. "Well, if you wanna go, you could just told me, and I'll take you to my house. It's near, y'know," he replied. Levy had no choice but to go to Gajeel's house for the time being. In the house, she took off her pee-stained dress and panties and washed them. "It looks like Gajeel's a nice person after all," Levy thought to herself as she spent the night in her crush's house.

The next morning, Levy went to the guild and sat down in one of the tables. Lucy came and asked Levy, "Did you have fun yesterday?"

Levy can only reply, "well.. Sort of."

