Shopkeeper - Page 2

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*025*2023-03-12 02:21

Directly in front of me, still squatting against my wall with her shorts and dark green underwear pulled down was the young woman I had brought out here earlier who had just barely made it. The only person lucky enough to have peed out here today.

A small area of damp ground was under her, but otherwise, the heat had all but completely erased her presence.

My reason for no TP out here.

She looked up at me and replied, “You said I had to drip dry.”

Had my bladder not been actively overflowing… If there hadn’t been a dripping wet pad in my underwear… Was I not incredibly desperate to pee…

I would’ve laughed.

Instead, I simply answered,”Oh darling, you’re not out in nature much, are you?”

”With this sun and heat, not only have you dripped and fully dried, you’ve probably got quite the tan on parts that have probably never been tan before,” I continued as she pulled her underwear back up, standing up. “Another five minutes and you’d probably have sun burn on those same parts. I promise, that is something you do NOT want to experience.”

Shorts in position, she walked passed me, whispering “thanks,” on the way.

”This is NOT a bathroom,” Samantha announced behind me.

I surrendered a moment of time during which I could have been peeing to turn to her and answer. I could only hope she appreciated it.

”I only have the one actual bathroom inside. The one you were just in line for. Given how many people are here now though, this is secluded, and the next best thing.”

”Absolutely not!” Came my reply. “That’s disgusting. Mom, I can’t pee outside,”

She clearly wasn’t appreciative of my time or effort.

”Is it just that you don’t know how to, Samantha?” Her mother replied. “I can show you if that’s all.”

”No! Mom. It’s that it’s gross, and weird, and humiliating, and I would literally rather never pee again than to even try to pee here in the dirt,” Samantha answered.

“Besides, it’s like I told you before,” She continued. “I really don’t even have to go. I can wait. Can we just keep driving?”

”No, Samantha, we can’t,” Her mother replied, taking a stand. “You seem to have forgotten that I also have to pee. I haven’t said it, but I really need to go pretty badly. Except I’m mature enough to admit it.”

”So no, we can’t leave until I’ve relieved myself,” She continued. “We’re discussing whether or not you do as well. So regardless of if we go back inside and wait in that line and eventually use the toilet, or go here outside in the dirt, at the very least I am peeing before we leave.”

Good for her.

“I guess we’ll go see if the line is any shorter then,” Samantha said, somewhat less aggressively than her previous tone.

Good, now I could have some privacy and finally pee.

Except it was right as went to pull my shorts down I heard footsteps from the side of the shop, coming towards me. And not just footsteps for one or two people.

*026*2023-03-13 00:27

“Patricia?” I asked, surprised when she rounded the corner. What was she doing here? She was supposed to be dealing with Deana’s accident and getting the student out of my bathroom.

It all made much more sense as two male students, then a third made their way around her with haste, heading straight to the tree.

A fourth passed by her as I said, “Favored the male students to go first, I see?”

“I wasn’t going to,” Patricia started to explain. “But then they collectively brought up how we had allowed several of our female students into the shop to use the bathroom so far, and it wasn’t fair to then also take some of the female students outside to go first as well.”

“They’re not wrong,” I agreed as male student number five made his way to the tree where male student number one’s stream could already be seen hitting the base of the tree.

Holy need to pee. I would literally give just about anything to join them right then.

“Why are you out here alone?” Patricia asked.

“Samantha decided she’d rather wait in line than have to endure the grossness that is peeing outside,” I replied as male student number six rounded the corner. More students, more streams, I was beginning to lose my battle.

“But why did you stay out here alone?” Patricia prodded, male student number seven arriving.

“Honestly, Patricia, I. I really can’t hold it any more,” I conceded. Could I actually pee in front of all these college males who were also peeing???

”No, seriously,” Patricia responded, male student number eight passing behind her. “Not here. Not now.”

Male student number nine walked by as I slipped my thumbs into the waistband of my shorts and underwear once more. Four, maybe five streams now splattered against my tree in the background.

“I…. Can’t,” I apologized as male student number ten, the last of the male students walked up to the tree.

There were too many streams, too much relief. I couldn’t hold it anymore.

My own stream started before I even pulled my shorts down. I could hear Patricia’s pleas to stop, but it was too late.

There were no longer any leaks to be leaked. No pad to absorb my moments of weakness. No stopping my bladder.

I squatted down and peed.

*028*2023-03-31 00:10

Finally, FINALLY peeing was all I had hoped for and needed and more!

The feeling of relief in my bladder as the pressure diminished, flowing out of me, pouring out like I so needed and wanted - right out into the sandy dirt….

Wait…. What was I doing?

I was squatting, peeing in front of almost a dozen college dudes, at least 2 of which were 100% staring, 1 for sure was given I could see the height of his pee stream against my tree was rising…

I had to stop. I had to. This was becoming more embarrassing and humiliating than relieving.

I tried to squeeze my exhausted muscles. Tried to stem the flow erupting beneath me.

My efforts sort of worked. My stream slowed - I could no longer see it jetting out in front of me between my legs. But I was definitely still going too much to attempt to stand. It was still a constant leak.

I whimpered a little as my bladder throbbed in protest of my reduced release causing male number 3 to look up, and of course start staring. I NEEDED to get control.

I still had to pee so much more, I was still peeing entirely too much, and my audience was growing by the moment - most of whom were visibly enjoying the view.

Despite my stream (though more of a constant trickle), I reached down and grabbed myself, hard - plunging my middle finger deep through my hair and pushing right up into myself. I couldn’t see it, but it felt like I was pushing right on my pee hole.

My hand was soaked and my bladder protested, but my trickle became a leak, which became a brief spurt which finally stopped enough to yank my underwear and shorts back up.

I crossed my legs as tightly as I could, and pulled my hand away and out of my shorts.

And started peeing again.

*029*2023-04-03 00:21

It wasn’t a full stream like I needed, desperately desired. But it was still more than I would’ve liked to have been going into my underwear and shorts.

A thin stream worked its way down the inside of my leg as my underwear and pad, now fully saturated, gave up.

Patricia’s mouth was open, as if to say something more, though no words came.

Half the college males, now with empty bladders, continued to hold themselves out of their shorts despite their stream no longer running, and stare in my direction.

I couldn’t be here anymore. Not in front of everyone. Not like this.

I turned and started to head back inside. I had no plans, was still not in control of the fine stream running out of me, and fully embarrassed. But I didn’t know what else to do.

As soon I turned to enter the doorway back into my shop, I immediately bumped into another person.

Samantha.

”I… I… I’m so sorry,” She choked out between rapid breaths. “I have to pee so bad.”

Me too… Me too…

Not like I could let her go outside. Not with all the staring college males out there.

But what choices did I have to offer her that I wasn’t taking advantage of myself?

“Patricia!” I called out, hoping she would get the hint and follow us in. I had an idea.

