A day at the beach

Author: ,,,,

*000*2022-01-22 03:58

A wetting story of 5 girls, a beach, and a house with only one bathroom.

Melissa is an hourglass bodied white girl with long blonde hair. She is meeting up with her friends soon. They're going to the beach! She thinks about using the restroom before she leaves but decides against it. She puts on a black swimsuit skirt that's only 15 cm, that perfectly compliments her mountain wide hips and plump bubble butt.

It barely covers her crotch. She thinks about not wearing underwear but ends up wearing a tight thong. She also wears a matching black micro-kini that's a couple sizes too small and barely covers her nipples, her perky breasts that make D cups look flat seem like they'd pop out of it any minute.

She goes to the local coffee shop before she drives to the beach. She orders an extra large cup of coffee that is about 600 ml. As she waits she scrolls through the web, and doesn't notice that the barista putting in 300 mg of furosemide into her drink! What she does notice, is another customer ogling at her curves. She decides to give him exactly what he wants and pretends to drop something and spreads her legs as she bends over and picks it up, ass completely out and revealing to him her neatly shaved pussy and beautiful plump cheeks. She smirks as she sees his dick erect from the tight skin of his pants.

She goes to check if the bathroom is open to only be greeted with a long line! She sighs and decides to just get her coffee and leave. She sips it as she drives. By the time she arrives at the beach she's finished the entire drink. She feels the need for the bathroom.

"I can hold it." She thinks to herself.

When she arrive she's the last one there and sees all 5 of her friends. Zuri, a petite black girl with a petite body shape who has shoulder length hair with the roundest peach ass out of all 5 of them, is wearing a pink tennis skirt and a white off shoulder top. Mia, a tall latina girl with a triangle body shape who has hair long enough to sit on with wide hips and bouncy melon boobs is wearing a floral printed frilly side tie bikini. Emily, an average heighted white girl with a square body shape with thick toned thighs is wearing an orange one piece. Samantha, a tall (east) asian girl with a hourglass body shape has the smallest waist out of all them is also wearing a blue high cut monokini.

The five of them go to the pier. All 4 of them get multiple cups of soda and iced tea except for Melissa, who feels her bladder filling up. "Let's go swimming!" Samantha suggests. "Nah, I don't have a swimsuit on, the rest of you go." They go swimming and the feel of the cold water and the sight of it makes Melissa's bladder fill even faster. By the time they get back she thinks she might really wet herself!

She crosses her legs and notices how Zuri and Mia are fidgeting, Samantha is doing a potty dance and how Emily has her hand under her crotch trying to stop dams from opening.

"G-Girls... I need to go to a bathroom." Zuri stutters out.

"There's no bathroom here!' Emily squeals.

"My house i-isn't too far from here... you all came by cab so I'll drive you all to my house.

However, Melissa only has one bathroom and the drive there is 30 minutes.

During the drive there all of the girls have to hold their bladder as much as possible; Emily almost fails.

They all go to the front porch as Melissa fumbles with the keys; and Zuri bolts in.

From here on, there's no line, just who gets in the fastest.

"Z-Zuri c-can't you let me go first? I really have to go!" Emily wails as she bangs on the bathroom door.

"I'm sorry! Just wait until I finish!" Zuri responds.

Zuri takes her pink tennis skirt off and lets it fall down to her ankles along with her striped panties; she lets out a moan of relief and through the thin walls everyone hears her. At this, Emily holds onto her crotch for dear life; gasping when she leaks a little. The diuretic has gotten to Melissa and she can not hold for much longer. She practically fingers herself trying not to wet herself. Once Zuri finishes, Samantha pushes past Emily and runs in. "N-no!" Emily gasps.

However, Samantha cannot get her swimsuit off and as she fumbles she feels the wee soak her one piece and drip down her legs. She cries out, and walks out the bathroom in shame.

Mia, who didn't have much to drink but was finally feeling the few she did have rushes in.

"I'm sorry you two!" She says and in desperation closes the door so fast it bounces right back open.

Melissa and Emily's bladders watch in horror as Mia undoes the ties of her bottom and a torrent of piss comes out of her as she gasps in relief.

Once she finishes, Melissa can't even move without wetting herself, her bladder about to burst. Emily bolts into the bathroom. "E-Emily! Please!" Melissa pleads but just then, Emily slips and her legs spread wide open and all of her tensed muscles relax as she wets herself. "N-no! This can't be happening!" Emily wails, and at the mere sight of this and the puncturing pressure of her tight tong against her bladder, Melissa pulls of her skirt but doesn't get time to get the thong off, she squats ontop of the potted plant in front of the bathroom and lets loose. She moans out but it wasn't that big of a potted plant, and she pretty much missed her aim so it is now rurnning down her legs and makes a puddle around her feet.

It's been a long day for all the girls.

