Sneaky Ways

Author: x4evrocker

*000*2017-12-12 05:41

Hi all!

So this is my first post!!! :)

I decided to start with a topic near and dear to my heart which is somewhat based on reality, somewhat my overactive day-dreaming mind. And that wonderful topic is my habit (and dreams) about finding ways to avoid utilizing toilets, especially when desperate.

Just to make life easy (for me :P) I’ll split it all up into a bunch of easy to digest chapters. ENJOY!!!

###

CHAPTER 1: Gardening

”You need to drink more” my helicopter mom bluntly stated from somewhere close behind me. “Especially since it’s hot out today”.

“I’m fine.” I retorted, barely even looking up from the task at hand. That task being pulling 1 of the probably 10,000 weeds in need of removal from my vegetable garden.

It wasn’t a particularly hot day, maybe in the 90’s, but the humidity was full force, making it feel endlessly hotter. It was the kind of day where you felt you could choke on the air it was so thick and wet. I had dressed accordingly, as any college girl would - a skinny tank-top that showed WAY too much without a bra, but A) I was gardening, not trying to impress anyone, and B) I was already sweating way too much, no reason to turn my breasts into sweat factories with the old chest cage. I was rocking a a cute skirt, maybe just above knee length, but very light fabric with lots of ruffles. My chosen panties for the day were just that, any old pair that happened to find there way into my hand first from the drawer - a light blue color, no pattern, kind of worn, and not particularly flattering.

I had already downed a water bottle I brought out with me and realized my mother, in her never-ceasing worry about me, had left another on the rock behind me. Bless her, I could really use it as it mid afternoon and the sun was taking a toll.

I decided to take a bit of hiatus from the direct sun and sucked down the cool water entirely too fast on my way to the shed for some tomato wires.

While shifting things around round inside the shed, I noticed my bladder had some liquid in it, much to my surprise. I had assumed it was so hot out that I just wouldn’t have to pee until evening.

Now, was I desperate? No. Did I actually truly need to go? Again, no. But it was enough of a need to be noticeable, and that’s all that counts when it’s so hot out, you feel like you might as well have balls. (Pardon my poor attempt at a “hot as balls” joke).

Now, back to what I was saying earlier, I avoid peeing in toilets like it’s the plague. I’m not embarrassed by it, most deffinately don’t have a shy bladder, nor does it scare me. I just find it boring.

So on this particular day, the garden was going to get a little midday watering. However, my garden is in direct view on the kitchen and bedroom windows. Normally, I don’t care and just pop a squat somewhere over by the cucumbers. But I knew on this particular day, my mom was likely to be watching at random to see if I needed more water or was working too hard. Time to be sneaky.

I strolled back into the main garden area from the shed and found a nice little area near the peas that was mostly grass. I sat down square on the patch, making sure my back was to the house, and my skirt wasn’t under me. I reached in front of me with 1 hand, acting like I was pulling a weed, and pulled my panties JUST enough to the side with my other hand. Casually, I let the world’s SLOWEST pee stream out while continuing to weed with my free hand.

Just as I was drip dropping the last few drops out, I heard that familiar sentence “you need to drink more”.

I let my panties go and figured they’d sort themselves out down there as I stood up as naturally as I could.

“I probably should”. I replied honesty, with an wicked grin on the inside, and followed her back to the picnic table for some juice and casual conversation. Little did she know, but that grass patch was well watered that summer.

###

Hope you enjoyed!

More to come and actual desperation to follow!

*003*2017-12-14 05:39

CHAPTER 2: Short Shorts Sneaky Sink

I can really only pull this one off from about June until late August, maybe early September, depending on the weather. It has to be hot out. Like teeny tiny short shorts kinda hot.

The day in question was an early August afternoon. I’d been out running errands all morning, sipping on iced tea along the way. While I am in love with tea in all forms, it does have a tendency to find its way through me at great speeds. And this day was no exception.

FACT: I refuse to use public restrooms unless I’m specifically attempting to accomplish something (listening to a convo, seeing what I can get away with, etc.). I will (and have) literally run outside to wet myself behind a car or bush before using the public restroom at a store.

Needless to say, I was quite ready to head to the backyard when I got home, (remember, I also avoid toilets in general), pop a squat under the deck and let this torrent loose.

Naturally, however, the ONE neighbor we can actually see from our house was home and out and about in the yard. Nope, going under the deck wasn’t an option. Time to find somewhere inside. And quite quickly as I could already feel my inner thigh area becoming a little more damp than previously noted.

As I opened the garage to head in, my heart sank to the middle of my bladder - my dear brother’s car sat staring back at me. “No way can I be having this kind of luck today” I thought to myself, heading in.

Sure enough, I barely got through the door before hearing one of his video games blaring from upstairs.

Living in a Raised Ranch style home, we have 2 bathrooms upstairs, but not even a sink downstairs.

1 of those bathrooms belonged exclusively (and I mean ECLUSIVELY) to my parents. I remember once, a couple years ago, my brother went in there to shower when I was in the other bathroom and he was grounded with a capital G for what felt like absolutely forever.

The other bathroom was shared between myself and (shudders) my brother. Now most of the time, it wasn’t too bad - neither of us really use the toilet. I’m fairly certain he has a collection of half-urine-filled water bottles under his bed (gags) and I find more creative ways. Which means we really only share the shower (again, GAGS). I know pretty much without any doubt whatsoever both of us relieve ourselves in there (yes, I pee in the shower. Yes, I pee in the shower STANDING UP. No, it’s not gross, the water washes it away. Yes, I know you do too, stop lying.

Sometimes I just go, sometimes I try and get some target practice in, sometimes it’s just because I had to go SO bad and ran out of other options).

Unfortunately, the bathroom is halfway down the hall and my brother’s room is basically a straight shot forward from there, meaning he’d blatantly know if I went in and showered (peed), so that was off the table since he knew I already showered this morning, and we were limited to once per day related to the drought.

Thinking quickly, as my bladder was starting to do that fun thing where it feels like it’s sticking out and weighs a whole bunch, I made a bit of a beeline (I didn’t want to be TOO obvious) for our bathroom. Once inside, I started to do what I had practiced a handful of times before, and was starting to actually get fairly decent at.

Standing, facing the sink, I pulled one leg of my short shorts (and one side of my now upsettingly damp panties) to the side, exposing jusssstttt enough of myself to make this work.

I turned the water on halfway (to cover the sound, smell, and to wash it away), and placed my free hand in a bit of cupped fashion directly under myself, with my thumb sticking out into the sink.

Slowly (painfully slowly), I began to release. My pre-owned iced-tea began to flow from my angry bladder, into my hand, down my thumb, and into the sink. I. HAD. TO. GO. SO. BAD.

Over time, by practicing going in different, mostly frowned-upon places, I’ve learned how to let the slowest, weakest stream dribble out, despite feeling like I should be wetting myself at full force.

This was one of those times where that skill came in handy. Too fast and my hand would fill up, spilling everywhere, effectively being just this side of even worse than just wetting myself.

Now, the downside to going so slow is that to properly empty a properly filled bladder at that speed takes about 20 minutes (yes, I’ve actually timed it before. It almost got boring. Almost :P

No time for that on this day, my brother would get suspicious. However, I was full. Not at the “about to wet myself full” stage, but certainly at the “I need to actively work on finding someplace to go full” stage.

So, I did what I have had to do many, MANY times in the past - go for a bit, just to relieve a little of the immediate pressure, and hang on to the rest (sometimes for fun, sometimes, as was the case on this day, out of necessity, despite longing to empty).

I figured I could play off about a minute, minute and a half at the most. I counted every last one of those precious seconds, until, with real frustration and longing on my part, I had to pull back on my bladder, ending the tiny flow with great willpower. The kind of willpower boys will just never understand.

I pulled my panties (they’re already damp, why wipe?) and shorts back into their rightful place with my dry hand.

I rapidly washed my hands so as not to take any longer and exited my favorite room of the house, bladder still making itself present and known, although I wasn’t in active fear of letting any more drops, dribbles, or accidental squirts make their way into my panties.

“What in the actual world were you doing in there for so long?” My brother called from his room, just to annoy me.

“I had something sticky on my hand” I lied quickly, probably to his satisfaction as that’s where the conversation ended.

Now back in my room, I still had one more thing left to do, figure out what to do with the remaining majority of liquid taking up too much space in my bladder.

As if by rewarding me for my creativity, the universe handed me a free gift - my brother knocked and said “hey, I’m heading over to Jason’s” (a friend of his). I didn’t even need to reply as he was already walking down the stairs.

I listened for the garage to open, car to start, car to pull out, garage to shut, and car to start heading up the hill, 1 hand I my crotch just to safeguard myself from the excitement of almost being able to finally go.

When I was sure he was gone, I headed right back into our bathroom, pulled my shorts down to my ankles, hopped up on the sink itself, and let my full torrent loose, not caring about sound this time. It feet sooooo good. Finally.

On the plus side, I continued to get better at standing facing the sink and going into it from this experience so yay for that!

