Pure fantasy!

Author: xlegs

*000*2013-07-15 19:54

The following is a pure fantasy of mine....I think it might be possible given the right people with the right interests, but don’t think there’s even the slightest chance it could ever happen to me (or even come close)!

I'm lying in bed with a gorgeous and really sexy woman who’s got the perfect figure and a nice tan. We are both naked, and it's late at night having just returned from a great night out together.

We've both had a shower, and a couple of late drinks (including quite a bit of water and coffee to counteract the alcohol effects), before getting into bed and settling down for the night.

We're both really tired, so just cuddle up and go to sleep. During the night, I wake up and re-adjust my position whilst gently slipping my hand between her thighs, so that it rests against her bush. She’s asleep, but seems subconsciously to quite like it!

I can't get to sleep, so just lay there enjoying the position I find myself in. It's now about 5am and we've been in bed since about 1am.

Suddenly, I begin to notice some slight movement against my hand, and realise that I can feel her pee muscles beginning to twitch. Immediately I get very aroused (more that I was already!). I lay there very still focussing on those small pee muscle movements I can feel, and the occasional slight squeezing together of her inner thighs.

After about half an hour of this, she starts to stir, but I keep my hand in place, and she lies on her back. Before that, she had her bum nestled into my groin, and I was also enjoying the effects of her pee muscles close up from behind as I nestled against her.

Luckily, I have a torch handy, so I look under the bedclothes, and as she’s lying on her back I can see her bush, my hand and a distinct bulging of her lower abdomen (when we went to bed it was really flat).

As time goes on, the movements start to get more pronounced, and she starts to moan a bit. I ask her if she's ok, and she says, “actually I'm really dying to pee”. So I say “that's a shame as it's so comfy here”, and she agrees. This squirming goes on for a while, steadily getting worse. She's beginning to clench her buttocks now as all that water and coffee the night before is taking effect.

She then says, "I really must go now", to which I respond by removing my hand and put my leg under one leg and over the other so I'm pressed up against her! In that position, it's very easy to exert force on her abdomen with my leg. I then say, "That’s a shame, it would spoil the moment, can't you hang on for just a little while".

"Ok" she says, "but I can't hold on for long", as we proceed to passionately kiss each other.

I'm now perfectly placed to feel every squirming movement of her desperation. She starts to arch her back, and squeeze her thighs together. I ‘accidentally’ press on her bladder and that makes her squeeze her buttocks, squirm, moan, and really press her thighs together hard. She says “I’m really bursting now darling”. So I proceed to rhythmically press on her bladder, and her squirming becomes very determined and coincides with each press I make, increasing with intensity, sometimes with her shaking and staying clenched for a while due to how desperate she is. I feel her abdomen, and its rock hard as she arches her back. If I wasn’t already in place, I don’t think it would be possible for her to open her legs without loosing it!

Now, I enter her, and very gradually start to move in time with her squirming. Almost at the point of coming, she is struggling to get me off saying “I really, really can’t hold it any more, please let me go, I’m going to burst”. But she holds me tighter, and starts working with me. Of course there's no way I could stop, and I come just as her pee starts to gush out, she also comes at the same time and shudders with the double intensity of a bursting bladder and a earth shattering orgasm.

Afterwards, as we lie there soaking wet after all that excitement and still in the same position, it hits me that I’m bursting to pee super badly all of a sudden, and having to seriously squirm to keep control. I hadn’t realised as I’d been so turned on up to that point, although I had been feeling the need to go quite badly all the time! I say “Actually I have to go for a pee now too”, so she knowingly smiles and pushes me onto my back and sits astride me.

She says “Darling, let’s make love some more, that was incredible”. She strokes her hand over my body, and caresses my bladder, which even though it was gently, made me want to pee even more. I said “That was lovely, but I’m absolutely desperate to pee”, and with that she say “Darling, I can tell, and I can feel how full and hard your bladder is, so I’m going to make you pee however hard you try and hold it” and starts to firmly and deeply massage my bladder with her hands, then starts to grind her wetness into my bladder, purposely, until I couldn’t hold it any longer, whilst smothering me with her gorgeous long hair and tits, I was more desperate than I’ve ever been before or thought possible.

I rose to the challenge and said “I bet you can’t make me pee!”, and she replied “Darling, lets do it some more, I’m feeling so horny”. She was getting carried away, and just kept grinding herself into my bladder as she began to climax. I was desperately trying not to give in, buttocks clenched, legs crossed tightly and bucking my hips urgently, as she increased her intensity. I was determined not to let her win the bet. It wasn’t long though before I completely lost control and exploded, soaking both of us once again. I sprayed it all over her as she shuddered with a second earth shattering orgasm.

After cleaning up and having nice hot showers, we talk about the experience over breakfast, and relive all the intimate details along with other experiences we’ve had when bursting to pee, then plan our next one, but decide that it could probably never match the spontaneity and intensity of that morning!

