The Bazaar Chase

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2025-03-31 00:53

“He’s a half dozen meters in front of me. I’m in foot pursuit. Remaining out of visible tail range,” Rachael reported quietly into the speaker on her collar as she dodged and weaved through the crowd. She was wearing a light blue T-shirt and grey hoodie with dark jeans to match. All of which was tailored to seem as masculine as possible. Her breasts were hidden under a tight wrap and her thick brunette hair was entirely hidden under a baseball cap. Large sunglasses hid much of her feminine face. The only clothing choice she’d been allowed that made her feel at all female were her panties - black and relatively shapeless, in case they were to become visible at some point in any capacity, they wouldn’t immediately scream women’s underwear to an onlooker. Still… They were hers, and mostly lacked too much masculinity.

“Hold position behind… Tail, but do not engage,” A man’s voice reported to her through a minuscule, clear earpiece.

“Copy,” Rachael confirmed, continuing to navigate through the bazaar’s gyrating crowd.

6 hours. She’d been on stakeout for 6 hours and FINALLY, the moment was here. Her target presented himself. She was in pursuit. All her plans and pitches, all her prep work was all finally paying off.

“Rachael,” Her earpiece came to life again. “I need you to slow your breathing a bit. Take a long slow breath for me. Your heart rate is getting a bit high. Remember, this is just intelligence gathering. Slow down a little and focus.”

”Copy,” Rachael replied and did as requested. The act helped clear some of her adrenaline from the chase, but angered an entirely different battle she fighting.

“Arthur?” She said into the mic, dodging an overfilled cart rolling into her path. “Do you remember what I told you about an hour ago?”

”… That you were going on vacation after this was all over?” Arthur guessed.

“Before that,” Rachael corrected.

“That you…. Oh!” Arthur realized mid thought. “Why do you bring that up now?”

”Because the problem didn’t get any better and is probably the reason my heart rate is so high,” Rachael replied.

3 hours into the stakeout, she’d felt a little twinge in her bladder. 4 hours in, she wanted to go to the bathroom, but certainly didn’t have a distinctive need yet. By the 5 hour mark, she felt it prudent to inform Arthur of the potential complicating factor in their plan. Arthur requested one more hour before calling time on the operation. With just minutes to spare, their mark had materialized in the crowd. With a groan of discomfort, but also with excitement, she had begun to follow him.

“You must not lose the target now,” Arthur stated. “We’re too close to success.”

”Obviously,” Rachael retorted. “I’m just reminding you that this can’t too long. I’m really uncomfortable.”

”Copy,” Arthur confirmed. “Just get the necessary info and I’ll whisk you off to the nearest throne.”

”I wish you wouldn’t phrase things like that,” Rachael sighed, stumbling over an uneven spot on the hard-packed dirt floor. She had to wedge herself between two people and twirl around another to catch up the few paces she had fallen behind.

She immediately realized though she didn’t need to as her prey came to a sudden and unexpected stop before a line of people.

“Talk to me, Rach. Why’d you stop making progress?” Arthur asked, watching her skid to a halt from the gps.

“I don’t know,” She replied, looking around. “There’s this weird, long line in front of him. It starts out in the middle of the crowd and goes through untilll….” Her breath caught mid sentence.

“What is it Rachael?”

“It’s a line for the bathroom…” She whispered.

*001*2025-04-01 23:38

“I’m being followed,” Lauren reported to the mic in her collar. She was ducking and dodging around the intense crowd in a largely futile effort to make some progress. Despite the warm, stale air of the dense market, she had on a dark, unfitted windbreaker with the hood up, hiding her blonde hair. Dark loose jeans completed her masculine look. Underneath it all though, she’d been allowed pale blue underwear. They weren’t overly flattering, but they were hers, and mostly feminine

“How do you know?” Asked from her earpiece, Jensen.

“Male. Hard to tell age. Sunglasses. A dozen meters behind me,” Lauren replied. “I slow, he slows. I turn, he turns.”

“Copy,” Jensen confirmed. “Try to put the cart rolling from your right between you two if possible.”

Lauren took two expedited steps before returning to her usual pace. A few moments later, she glanced back to see her tail dodge the cart while talking to…. Himself?

“Jensen… Who’s he talking to?” She asked.

“… Unclear,” Jensen replied. “Confirmed tail though. Do not engage. Do not deviate from anticipated path forward.”

“Copy,” Lauren said again. 6 hours. She’d been at the market meeting with potential and current buyers for 6 hours and was FINALLY on her way out. All her plans and pitches and hard work seemed to be paying off. She just needed to make a clean getaway now.

“Lauren,” Jensen came through again. I need you to slow your pace a bit. You run the risk of drawing attention.”

“Copy,” Lauren confirmed, actively slowing by a half step despite her growing desire to move faster yet.

“Jensen,” She said into her mic. “Do you recall what I told you an hour ago, just before I met with our last buyer?”

“… That I owed you dinner if you could close the deal?” Jensen guessed.

“Before that,” Lauren corrected.

“…That you… Oh!” Jensen realized mid thought. “Why are you bringing that up now?”

“Because the problem didn’t get any better and is the reason WHY I’m moving quicker than normal,” Lauren replied. 3 hours into her time at the Bazaar, she’d started to feel twinges in her bladder. Another hour later, she wanted to go, but nothing that would pull her away from the task at hand. By the 5 hour mark and with just one buyer left to meet with, Lauren felt it necessary to inform Jensen of her growing concern. Jensen had requested the final meeting be completed as anticipated. She was able to wrap up the meeting a few minutes early, and was on her way out of the dense market to successful complete her mission.

“You must lose your tail,” Jensen stated. We’re too close to success.”

“Obviously,” Lauren retorted. “I’m just reminding you that I need to get out of here sooner than later. I’m really uncomfortable.”

“Copy,” Jensen confirmed. “Just find your way out safely without your tail, and we have a driver waiting to whisk you away to your relief.”

“I wish you wouldn’t phrase things like that,” Lauren sighed, realizing she had some breathing room as her tail stumbled over an uneven spot on the hard-packed dirt floor, causing him to fall behind a few paces.

With her attention free of the pressing danger behind her, Lauren stumbled into a dense mass of unmoving people and came to a stop herself. “Jensen…”

“Lauren? What happened? Why’d you stop making progress? Your gps froze,” Jensen inquired.

“This is… It’s a line for the bathroom,” Lauren whispered.

*002*2025-04-05 00:16

“Rachael,” Arthur started. “I need you to focus.”

“I am,” Rachael retorted. “My mark isn’t moving.”

“Hmmm… Odd,” Arthur thought aloud.

“He’s just… Mmmm, looking at the bathroom line,” Rachael whined.

“Don’t even think about it,” Arthur warned.

“Arthur,” Rachael started firmly. “I have to go. I don’t think you realize how badly.”

“PLUS,” She continued. “What if he has to go as well. We don’t know how long he’s been here. It’s a possibility we should plan for.”

Arthur sighed. “I fully understand you have a full bladder, Rachael. But that is hardly an excuse. You’re on a mission. And, dare I say, nearing the completion of it. You’re at a pivotal moment and need to capitalize.”

“PLUS,” He continued, rubbing Rachael’s nerves wrong. “What would your plan be? You’re going to get in line behind him and what? Go into the Women’s Room? Dressed like that? You’d get at least some unwanted attention. And you’d risk losing him. So that leaves going into the Men’s Room. How would that work, Rachael? Go in and HOPE the stall is open and relatively clean and not clogged or otherwise non-functional? And if it isn’t free or usable, you’d… What? Try and use a urinal? NEXT to your mark. How would that work? That doesn’t even take into consideration wiping yourself.”

There was a silence between the two before Arthur, much more calmly continued. “Look. Rachael. I’m sorry. I got a little carried away there. I’m just… I really want to catch this guy.”

Rachael took even longer to reply. “I do too,” She whispered. “But I also don’t want to be in a position where I can’t… well…” She sighed. “I’m just getting to a point where I’m so uncomfortable it’s becoming distracting,” She admitted shyly.

“I know,” Arthur confirmed gently. “And if there was anything I could do to make it better for you, I would. We just can’t risk losing him. I know I’m asking a lot. I know. But please, just hang in there the best you can. I have a car and driver waiting for you outside. As soon as we get what we need from our mark, you’re out of there to the nearest bathroom.”

“Thank you Arthur,” Rachael said. “I know this isn’t your fault. It’s just hard to think straight when you’re…. He’s on the move!”

*003*2025-04-05 10:20

“Don’t even think about it, Lauren,” Jensen said.

“Jensen,” Lauren started to counter. “I just have to pee. It’ll be quick. Pop in, go, right back out and on my way.”

“Lauren…”

“And maybe it’s a good opportunity to lose my tail,” She continued.

“Lauren…….”

“And you’re always the one telling me to focus at all times. I literally can barely focus i have to go so bad.”

“Lauren!” Jensen interjected. “I know you have to go, and you bring up good points. But the safest thing you can do is lose your tail, exit out to your driver, and leave this market behind you.”

Lauren sighed. “Well… What if I go into the Women’s Room? He can’t follow me in there.”

It was Jensen’s turn to sigh. “You’re correct. However, you’re portraying a male. So either you blow your cover, OR you get a lot of unwanted attention.”

Lauren whined barely audibly. “Fine, I’ll go into the Men’s Room and use the stall. And try to lose him in the process.”

“That’s fine except what if the stall is filthy or broken?” Jensen countered.

“I’ll use a different one…?” Lauren replied. “There’s usually one that doesn’t work or is gross.”

“I hate to be the bearer of bad news here, but there’s usually only one stall in the Men’s Room,” Jensen cautiously said.

“Wait… WHAT?” Lauren exclaimed.

“That’s…. I…. Uggggg,” Lauren bent slightly at her waist. “Jensen that’s ridiculous. But also, I need to get into that stall. My bladder is begging.”

Jensen was briefly silent before replying simply, “Okay, go ahead.”

*004*2025-04-13 12:07

Rachael watched as her mark turned and made his way through the crowd toward the middle of the open area they were currently in. Her heart sank as she followed from a dozen paces behind. He was joining the bathroom queue.

“Arthur….” She started in a whining tone.

“I know….” He replied. “Go ahead and let one person line up behind him, and then you can join. That way you’re less likely to immediately be spotted.”

“Thank you!!!” She quickly said, willing someone, anyone to queue behind her target.

A young woman in her twenties, wearing a knee-length pencil skirt joined the queue and Rachael couldn’t line up behind her quick enough. She huffed out a breath - one step closer.

Unfortunately, one step closer still left entirely too many steps to go for Rachael’s liking.

She leaned to the side and started counting. “1..2..3….” She whispered to herself, and subsequently to Arthur as she started as far up in the line as she could see, working her way back to herself. “9..10..11…” Her heart sank with each additional number. While she knew the total number of people ahead of her wasn’t the total she’d have to out wait (there was both both men AND women in the same long line), it was still more than she thought she had time for.

“16..17..18…”

“That’s a bit much, Rachael,” Arthur commented as she continued.

“Yeah,” Rachael agreed. “A bit too much. Is there anywhere else I could go?”

“26..27..28…”

“Sorry Rachael,” Arthur interrupted her counting after a moment’s search. “There’s literally nowhere else you could go without risking losing your mark.”

“What about someplace that would risk it? I’d be quick.”

“33..34..35…”

Arthur replied after a short pause. “Rachael… We can’t take any risks. We’re already taking a risk with you going to the bathroom here. What if he leaves while you’re in the stall? I’m sorry Rachael. We can’t take any additional risks.”

“WE aren’t taking any risks, Arthur,” Rachael replied, her worry coming out in her voice. “WE don’t have to pee, Arthur. I do! I’M taking the risks. I’M taking the risk of not making it!”

“41..42.. And I’m number 43 in this line…”

Arthur paused before gently replying, “It’s that bad? Are you actually worried about not being able to wait?”

Rachael sighed. “I think I’ll be okay. But it’s getting pretty bad.”

The line moved up by one person as someone exited the bathroom. 42 to go for her. Her mark being number 40 now. Rachael crossed her legs.

*007*2025-04-17 00:22

“He’s behind me,” Lauren whispered to Jensen. “He let one person between us, a women in a skirt.”

“No concern,” Jensen replied calmly. “You’re going into the stall, he won’t. It’s an opportunity to shake him. The woman is going into the Women’s Room. Her presence is irrelevant.”

Lauren sighed. “You’re right, I’m just nervous.”

“Nothing to be nervous about, Lauren,” Jensen said. “We’ll get you out of there without being followed. The mission will be complete.”

“Not what I’m nervous about, Jensen,” Lauren retorted.

“…What else is there to be nervous about…?” Jensen asked. “The mission is the priority and as we just discussed things are…”

“I have to pee!!!” Lauren interjected as loudly as she dared without drawing any additional attention. “Jensen, there’s so many people in this line in front of me and I have a bowling ball sitting in my bladder that wants out right now! What am I supposed to do?”

Jensen remained silent for longer than Lauren was comfortable with. She let a breath out and apologized. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to outburst like that. I’m just… There has to be somewhere else for me to go? I really have to go and this line is too long.”

…

“Jensen…? You there?”

“Still here. I have good news and bad news,” Jensen finally responded.

“Good news,” Lauren requested without hesitation.

“Almost half the people in line in front of you are female. So the line isn’t actually as long as it appears. It’ll go relatively quickly.”

“That’s (not the news I wanted) okay…” Lauren replied verbally and to herself. “I’m afraid to ask about the bad news?”

“Ah. Yes. I did several searches and unfortunately there’s nowhere else for you to go. I looked at possible close by establishments likely to have facilities as well as… Well… As well as secluded areas such as alleyways or off the beaten path corners. Areas that could offer some… privacy in a pinch, I suppose.”

“So what exactly are you saying, Jensen?”

“I’m saying that if your, uh, situation should become significantly worse, there’s no backup or emergency plan,” Jensen replied softly.

“You mean if I can’t hold it, there’s literally nowhere else I could pop a squat or anything?” Lauren half begged.

“Now I’m the one wishing you wouldn’t phrase things the way you do,” Jensen replied. “But yes. There’s literally nothing. You just have to wait. I’m sorry.”

A heavy silence once again hung between the duo before Lauren’s earpiece came alive once more with Jensen asking, “You can hold it, right?”

“I apparently don’t have a choice,” Lauren said just above a whisper, crossing her legs. The line moved forward one person. That left… far, far too many.

