The water shortage

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2019-04-10 07:56

Chpt. 1

Without a minute to spare, I grabbed my books and bag, and quite literally sprinted out of the classroom as the bell rang. “Bathroom, bathroom, bathroom” was all I could think about as I quickly made my way down the rapidly filling hallway.

6 months ago, a series of new laws went into effect to combat the shrinking availability of clean water. The most notable being law 36C.5 - more commonly known as the “desperation law”. It mandated that each bathroom be outfitted with a scanner capable of sensing an individual’s max bladder capacity, as well as current volume. Each bathroom could also only be used a certain number of times per day max. So basically, the bathroom would decide based on number of uses left for a given day how full you needed to be in order for the door to unlock and allow you to use it. As the day went on, the more desperate you needed to be to be granted access. At the end of the day like this, you needed to be at least at 90% full to even stand a chance.

Right now, I knew 90% wasn’t an issue as I was borderline leaking. I finally reached the women’s room for the school (yes, there’s only one of each gender allowed per public building now. Thank you law 36C.4) and took my place in line for the scanner.

“Almost” I whispered to myself as I watched a Freshman who quite obviously could do with a release get denied. She tried to play it off to the boy I’m assuming was her bf, but I foresaw some embarrassing moments on her trip home.

As my turn at the scanner finally arrived, I lifted my shirt and pressed my overflowing belly to the machine to be scanned. It always took a few moments and I heard the girl at the scanner next to me cheer as she was granted access. She bolted in and had her pants down before the door even shut. That was about to be me.

“Maddie Evans” the scanner confirmed. “Max volume - 1874 mL” I was getting better I silently applauded myself from my efforts. “Current volume - 1795 mL” geez, I was full! “Bathroom access - DENIED”

“wait... what?” I said, losing more than just the first drop into my undies.

*007*2019-04-16 15:20

Chpt. 2

”There goes Maddie again,” I absentmindedly thought to myself as I watched my 19 year old student essentially fling herself out of my classroom. She was on her way to the school’s bathroom, as I wish I could have been. I had watched her twist, squeeze, vibrate, bounce, deep breath, and an assortment of other motions over the duration of my hour and a half class in a futile effort to contain her wee. How did I know that’s what she was doing?

A) everyone, including myself was in some form of flat out desperation at this time of day thanks to the new law.

B) Maddie almost seemed to take some joy in really pushing herself right to the bitter edge of making it vs. making a puddle (lake maybe more appropriate, lol).

I would say there was no way anyone was getting enjoyment from our new situation. I mean, who would want to purposefully wait until they were questionably not going to make it? Who would want to risk being caught short, on purpose?

I would ask these things if I didn't also find the risk vs. reward of a truly bursting bladder somewhat exhilarating.

8 months ago, the NEWS announced a controversial new law had passed and would go into effect in just 2 short months. At the time, I was boring. I had no real passion for anything. No hobbies of note. Rarely left my house except for work and errands. In the two years since I started teaching, I watched myself lose my drive. But I’ve recently turned that right aroud.

I now find thrill in my everyday life. The rush of standing in front of a room full of people, all eyes focused on you, feeling that first drop squeeze it’s way out into your undies. Risking losing more if you turn around too quickly. Speaking about a science topic aloud while internally wondering if you actually can make it to a bathroom in time. Is today going to be the first time since I was a child that I can’t hold it? I find the whole thing a bit of a turn on really. Oddly enough, I also notice I make friends easier, and now have several hobbies. It’s amazing how things can turn around like that.

My classroom had now fully emptied for the day, so I turned my attention to grading papers. While the students were all on their way home to use their own or a friend’s bathroom, I, along with my fellow teaching staff, typically remained in the building for another hour or two. Quite needing that same, sweet relief. But with a bathroom that’s locked out as the student’s use up the preset amount of daily uses. Especially students like Maddie, who were almost guaranteed to be allowed access, given how she waited until the last second.

I was making my way through the papers, crossing my legs as my own need increased. I really needed to go. It had actually been a while since I needed to go this badly while still at work.

With presumably very few students left in the building at this time, I decided to go give the scanner a try. Maybe today was my lucky day and it would grant me access.

Typically, the staff didn’t use the restroom while at work. It was sort of embarrassing to have to lift your shirt to be scanned, in front of many of your students. What’s worse, is I usually wear skirts or dresses to work. So I get the added embarrassment of flashing my skivvies to all surrounding while getting scanned. My undies that are usually a bit on the damp side if I’m giving in and getting scanned.

I finished the stack of papers and stood up, realizing now how badly I had to go. I couldn’t make it home. That was for sure. I walked across my room with my hand on my bladder towards the door. Just as I got there though, I quite literally ran into a surprise.

I was turning to get out while Maddie was turning to come in and we bumped into each other fairly hard. I don’t know about her, but my undies went from damp, to uncomfortably wet.

“Maddie? What are you...?” I started, now really feeling my need jump up as she replied, “Ms. Halfner! Oh, thank goodness you’re still here! I have to go to the bathroom SO bad but the scanner denied me! I’m not going to make it! Please. I’ve heard the rumors you teachers have a secret place you go in emergencies. Please let me go there! I’m having an emergency!”

Well there goes my chances of getting into the bathroom if Maddie, who was holding herself and full on pee dancing in front of me, was denied.

*009*2019-05-13 02:11

Chapter 3.

“I’m having an emergency!” I cried to Ms. Halfner. I’d always had an inclination that of all the faculty and staff, she was most likely to A) understand the appeals of waiting, and B) have an emergency plan in place.

“Are you sure it’s an actual emergency?” Ms. Halfner asked. Was she onto me? Was she trying to delay me?

”The scanner said I was at 1795 mL,” I answered. My hand was permanently between legs and I’m fairly certain my body language gave away the rest of the story.

“Alright, I need to make a call,” She said, heading back to her desk. If I wasn’t bouncing up and down, I’d guess Ms. Halfner was quickly finding herself in a situation similar to my own. She wasn’t making this call for me, she was doing it for herself. She knew if the scanner denied me, it was sure to also deny her.

While I was lost in this thought, Ms. Halfner had made her call and turned back to me. “Out,” she said with minimal emotion.

I was confused for a moment until she came over, put her hand on my shoulder, and guided me out of her room, locking it behind her.

“Where are we going?” I asked as we started to walk.

“To the nurse’s office,” was all she said, still staring straight ahead.

Of course! That made sense. “She has an emergency bathroom?” I asked just to make sure.

“Not quite,” was my response.

What was it then? Was I in trouble for asking? Was that why she was barely looking at me? And who was that call to? How much trouble could I be in? Plus, I was not going to last much longer, despite being in trouble.

We got to the nurse’s office and she quickly opened the door just enough for us to slip in, then immediately shut and locked it behind us.

“This is her?” The nurse, Ms. Adley asked Ms. Halfner.

Ms. Halfner replied “It is. This is our level 1”.

“It’s been some a few weeks since I’ve seen a true level 1,” Ms. Adley said, now looking at me.

“Maddie, right?” She asked.

“Right,” was all I respond with, scared at what was happening while my bladder throbbed with every movement.

“What exactly did the scanner say?” She asked.

“It said my max volume and current, like normal, then denied me,” I said, sliding a hand down my pants, no longer caring what they thought. If they weren’t going to help me, I was going to help myself.

“What were those volumes, exactly?” The nurse continued to ask, oblivious to both my hand going down, and my current need.

“1874 and 1795,” I answered shortly, sure I was over 1.8 liters by now.

“Remarkable,” she whispered.

“Quickly, this way,” She continued on, ushering my behind a drawn curtain at the back of her office. It was the kind they sometimes use at doctor’s offices for privacy around a bed.

I never, NEVER would have guessed what was sitting behind that curtain. It was something I’d never actually seen in person before. It frightened and embarrassed me to some extent, especially with both Ms. Halfner and Ms. Adley standing right next to me. But most of all, it excited me as it likely meant relief, finally. At least that’s what I hoped it meant.

*013*2019-05-18 03:38

Chpt. 4

Sitting there, right in front of myself, Ms. Halfner and Ms. Adley was what I believed was called a bedside commode. I had seen several in the assisted living home my grandma lived in for a while before the new law, but never again after that.

“I... I don’t understand?” I stammered our.

“Maddie, go ahead and relieve yourself and then we’ll explain everything,” Ms. Adley encouraged.

I took a deep breath, shoved my hand between my legs, noticing a wince from Ms. Halfner, and said “Tell me everything first.”

Was I playing with fire (well, technically water)?

Yes.

Was I risking losing all control and dignity right where I stood?

Yes.

Was I going to get the truth?

That was the main variable here. But just the way the two women were so eager for me to go gave me an odd feeling.

“Maddie,” Ms. Halfner started. “I thought you were having an emergency?”

”I am,” I admitted. “I am having an emergency. My undies are soaked through, my bladder is in a constant state of throbbing, and honestly, I can feel a drip dropping out right now, as we speak.”

“However,” I continued. “Something here isn’t right. I’d rather wet myself than just give in without finding out what’s really happening.”

Ms. Adley and Ms. Halfner looked at each with deep concern before the nurse said “Maddie, you deserve the truth. But it’s actually quite a long story. I can’t imagine you’ll make it through before we have a serious issue on our hands. And the floor. Please, just wee in the commode.”

I wanted to. So bad. I couldn’t remember the last time my bladder was so full, the last time I had to go so bad. I could feel it, a healthy stream pouring out of my exhausted urethra. My bladder no longer throbbing. It was blissful to think about.

Thinking about though, only made my drenched undies sopping and starting to drip down my leg. I pulled back with all my strength, shoved my hand a little deeper. Anything I could do to hold on a little longer.

“Give me the basics,” I demanded.

Ms. Halfner was the first to speak. “When Law 36C and all it’s various components went into effect, the city changed. Better in some ways, worse in others.”

”Obviously clean water availability has skyrocketed since the law was implemented,” Ms. Adley took over. “But with all good things, so to must there be bad.”

”What’s the bad?” I asked, failing to see the downside besides my immediate need.

“Well with the vast reduction in public facilities, there suddenly became a large amount of unemployed plumbers, maintenance staff and cleaners,” Ms. Halfner said, solemnly.

“As they became more desperate to support themselves and their families, a proverbial Black Market emerged,” Ms. Adley said. “No physical goods are traded or sold though.”

”So what do they do?” I asked, thoroughly intrigued at this point. Not enough to forget my impending flood though.

“They trade skills and knowledge,” Ms. Halfner said. “Maddie, they plan to redirect the remaining restroom’s outflow pipes directly to the Capital and flood them out. They’re the resistance.”

I felt myself lose a proper stream. It felt so good but my whole body begged for more release. “Where do I fit into all this?” I asked.

“They need individuals with bladder capacities over two liters to get enough volume into the system to overwhelm it, and cause the flood at the capital,” Ms. Adley explained. “Since the scanners only let a certain amount of people in each day, each person that goes in on the day of the flood needs to produce as much as possible to make the flood as big and effective as possible.”

”But my bladder isn’t two liters,” I said, feeling another spurt. I was losing my own flood.

“Not yet,” Ms. Halfner said. “But you’re like me, close enough that you can be trained.”

”I.... I,” I stammered. “I have to go!” I said, ripping down my pants down in front of the two staff members and throwing myself backwards towards the commode.

I had a lot to think about given this latest information I’d just heard, but for the moment, as my bladder poured itself out into the bucket of the commode, I was at peace. Even if I hadn’t managed to pull my undies down before allowing the stream to flow freely from me. Even if my urethra shuddered in relief in front of Ms. Adley and Ms. Halfner.

I was on the cusp of something great, even though, at the moment, I was weeing an overflowing bladder into a glorified bucket.

