Last Family Trip

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2019-06-10 23:32

23 year old Rebecca (Bex, as everyone called her) took her place in the back seat of the family four-door. That car sure had seen better days, but it was still as reliable as ever. And a good car to put the many miles they were about to travel onto.

On the other side of the back seat, her 19 year old sister Avery sat, already buckled in and making herself comfortable. She had broken her ankle just a few days ago in an alleged skinny dipping incident. The details were unclear other than the family was awoken to an unpleasant phone call a little after midnight from the hospital. She had a pair of crutches next to her, and a casted foot resting up on the back of the driver’s seat. She was engrossed in a texting spree conversation with someone, probably the next boy of the month. May mercy keep his soul safe.

Their mother Patricia (Patty) was making her way out, arms filled with bags of snacks, spare clothes, her huge purse, and who knows what else. “Did you two remember to leave an extra pair of clothes out in case you spill something?”

”Yes,” they replied in unison and monotone.

“And you packed enough for the entire trip, plus extra?”

”Yes.”

”And you both used the bathroom before getting in? You know it’s going to be a few hours before our first stop. Better to get some real miles in while we’re fresh,” Patty continued.

Once again, the pair replied “yes”, but this time, it wasn’t entirely truthful.

Bex had A bad habit of holding her bladder. More specifically, she was in the routine of holding her bladder until she could go somewhere other than a toilet. She’d picked up this interest years ago, in High School. At first, it was an absentminded hobby she’d read about somewhere online, some forum she had stumbled across, and found it interesting enough to try.

After a few weeks, she was hooked. She didn’t pay much attention, but she could probably count the number of times she had allowed herself to pee in an actual toilet in the past year on one hand. It didn’t happen very often, and only in outstanding situations. Today was no different for her. She let herself release her morning wee in the shower, like most mornings, and went on with getting ready, throwing on a cute pair of skimpy panties. She knew no one would see them, but she always felt a little more secure when she knew she looked good. So while yes, she did use the bathroom before getting in the car, her mother didn’t need to know she went two before getting in.

Avery, on the other hand, was completely truthful in her answer. With the broken ankle, getting out of the car, especially from the backseat took some time and effort. She was determined to do so as few times as possible during this trip. Accordingly, she had her morning wee the moment she woke up, while Bex was in the shower. She then proceeded to skip every liquid available during breakfast, choosing only a dry bagel. After getting ready, and just before heading outside, she allowed herself a few minutes to sit on the toilet. She peed a short, weak stream, it continued to sit there. She squeezed with her pelvic muscles. She pushed physically on her bladder with her hands. She tried coughing. Anything to get every last little bit out. All told, she was able to empty another dribble and a few random drops. Each and every one of those drops though, were important to her. They could make a world of difference hours from now.

She also placed one of her pads in her underwear (an older pair of booty cut, blue and yellow polka dot), as well as sprinkling a little baby powder in there. She was prescribed some pain meds for her ankle, and while she wasn’t fond of how zoned-out they made her feel, she had to take one today. She knew she wouldn’t be able to move around or stretch, which meant she would quickly start hurting. The zoned feeling wasn’t the only side effect she noticed. She also found it very difficult to tell when she had a full bladder, and noticed she would lose a squirt or two just from standing up, or changing position too quickly, only to then have to rush to the bathroom to unleash a torrent. She hadn’t gone out into public since her accident, so this hadn’t been a particular issue. But with her entire family squeezed into a few square feet of the car, she wanted to be safe. Thus, the pad and powder were a small insurance policy, she thought to herself as she wiped.

While the girls both had their bladder situation and plans in place, Patty briefly thought about her own. At 58, she was no longer a spring chicken, and her body reacted accordingly. After 2 pregnancies, 2 births, and 2 recoveries, her pelvic muscles, heck, her whole lower abdominal muscles and tissues were not comparable to what they were 25 years ago. At one time, she could go all day, being out and about without a second thought towards her bodily functions. She could hold off until there was enough wee inside her to write her entire name, first and last name, in the snow (with some difficulty, of course. But she was able to do it, nonetheless).

She hadn’t tried since before Bex’s birth, but she figured best case, she could hold enough to spell out “Pa” in the snow now. She could no longer, cough, sneeze, laugh, or really have any change in emotion whatsoever without losing a little (or sometimes big) dribble. She also had to find a toilet roughly every two hours. She could hold longer, she was sure. But that 2 hour mark is where it became uncomfortable, and she would often find herself focusing more on not wetting herself, rather than whatever task was at hand. Similarly to Avery, she had skipped most fluids at breakfast this morning, and made it a point to sit down on the toilet for a few minutes and try no less than 3 times since waking up. She also had a bit of a secret. Roger, her husband and the girls’ father knew about, but Bex and Avery were in the dark on the matter, where they belonged.

Several years ago, after a particularly close call at a large family gathering in which she had to spend the last hour of the event without panties because they were so wet, Patty looked into getting absorbent underwear. They looked similar enough to real underwear (not sexy underwear, but still), and didn’t bulge out like an actual diaper. Since she couldn’t hold a huge amount anyway, they were perfect. She didn’t wear them everyday. Often, she would go a month or more without needing them. But she made a point to wear them on special occasions or if she was anticipating being away from a bathroom for an extended time. Both of which applied to today. She was wearing a pair of jeans to mask the small amount of crinkling from the more plastic crotch area. She made sure to bring a few spares in her large purse as well. That was the only way she could be sure they wouldn’t be discovered by her daughters.

Roger was the last out the door, carrying a large cooler stuffed to the brim with waters, juices, and an assortment of other road beverages. Silently, all three women thought in unison, “Typical male.”

As they set off from their house, Avery put her headphones in and continued the intense conversation on her phone. Patty started monologuing in Roger’s direction. She considering it a conversation, he thought of it as background conversation, similarly to listening to the radio. He cracked open the first water, downing part of it before they’d even left the town. Bex laughed for a second to herself as she pictured her father pretending he was sipping an adult beverage on a beach. A few miles later, Bex pulled out a new book she had recently bought, a fantasy action romance. She finished the last final of her college career last week and was excited to return to reading for entertainment, rather than necessity. She had always enjoyed reading when she was growing up, but school somehow found a way to make her lose interest in it.

Bex quickly found herself lost in the book. It was everything she was hoping it would be, and more - filled to the brim with action as she turned page after page. Hot characters that took great pleasure out of seductively teasing each other. The sexy, but wildly inappropriate make out scenes at various climatic moments. She was hooked from page 2. Making her way through the chapters, she reached a scene that brought her attention back to reality. In the book, there were two characters forced together by fate, but also hormones, that were taken hostage by an overbearing government organization in a post-disaster country and brought to an imprisonment camp. While getting their feet under them and familiarizing themselves with their new home, the male character mentioned that he needed the loo as he hadn’t gone since before they were captured. The female character almost too quickly agreed.

Before Bex read further, she blinked a few times and pulled herself out of the book. Next to her, Avery was hard asleep, appearing to have been so for some time, her phone falling to the floor. Bex figured Avery had probably one of her pain meds before they left. She noticed two empty water bottles on the floor, next to Avery’s phone, and an open juice bottle in the front cup holder. Her mother was still talking at her father, but had slowed her pace. What she didn’t know, was Patty was starting to get a very dry mouth from skimping on the fluids. Her father though, had no problem downing a swig of the juice.

Bex sat up straight to stretch her back a bit, and noticed a new heaviness in her belly she hadn’t felt before. Of knew immediately what it was, of course. She had to pee. Nothing urgent or desperate, and she certainly wasn’t in imminent danger of losing control. But it was there - a decent and constant need now that she noticed it. She wondered how long they’d been driving. Looking at her phone, she realized they had been driving almost 4 hours. She was lost in a fantastic and romantic and amazing world of her book for 4 hours. Which also meant it was roughly 6 hours since her bladder had seen any relief. And now she had to pee.

During a short pause in speech from her mother, Bex interjected, “Any thoughts on a stretch break in the near future?”

Her father was quick and sharp to answer, “Probably not for another 100 miles or so. I’d like to get there before dark and we left a little later than I would’ve liked.”

Patty was a little softer as she asked, “Are you okay back there for that long? Are you hungry or thirsty? I brought snacks and the cooler is right there.”

”No, I’m okay, just feeling a little cramped,” Bex answered. 100 miles. At highway speed, that would be around two more hours. Bex didn’t wonder if she could hold it that long she knew she could she hadn’t drank very much today, and had certainly held it for longer. It was more a question of how comfortably she could hold it that long, and how obvious she might become about her need. She was also a little concerned about how she would relieve herself once they finally did pull off to a rest stop. Sure, she could pee into one of the toilets. She was sure they would have plenty at wherever they stopped.

But that wasn’t fun. If they stopped at somewhere a little less populated, she could go into the bathroom with her mother and sister, pretend to go, and then say she needed a bit of a walk to stretch and clear her head, but in reality find a nice bush or tree in need of watering. If, however, they pulled into one of those mega stops on the side of the highway, she would have to get a little more creative. She thought about it for a few minutes, but was having a difficult time coming up with a viable plan that offered her secluded relief, without too high a risk of being caught. She bookmarked it in her mind and went back to reading. She had a few hours to think up a solution, after all.

In the front seat, Patty was having a different experience. While Bex was having no problems holding on, and had no intention of using a toilet at their stop, Patty was deeply concerned. She was alright for the first two hours. Much to her pleasant surprise, cutting fluids had really helped. But as hour three stretched on, she had a harder and harder time. She had leaked already. Several times. Only to have the need return almost immediately. She was fairly confident in her absorbent underwear’s ability to manage and contain leaks (she had really put them to the test a few years ago during Midnight Mass at church on Christmas), but she had never actually fully wet a pair.

She knew when she first started wearing them there would come a day when she wouldn’t be able to hold it, when she would either have to let go, or wouldn’t be given a choice in letting, and would properly flood them. She had always hoped this was still years away, but as they drove on, she was becoming more and more worried today would be that day. Could they hold her whole bladder? She desperately hoped not to find out.

Bex got through the scene in her book where the characters sought, then found their relief. It went into a little more detail about said relief than she would have preferred at the moment given her own need, but she was okay. Normally, she would have deeply enjoyed this part of the story, just not at the moment. Once through it though, she found herself once again flipping through pages as plot twist after surprise kept her attention. She crossed her legs, and fell back into the world of the story.

Several chapters, and at least 50 miles later, Roger slowed down as they reached a construction zone. The car hit a large bump in the road where they were preparing to pave. Bex had no recollection of making any noise or gasping, but she must have as Patty asked, “Are you okay, honey?”

”Yeah, just, uh, just startled me is all,” She lied. In actuality, it did startle her, but the sudden jump up, then back down with force of her bladder startled her more. She properly needed to pee now. To the point where using an actual toilet was making its way to the top five options she was considering of ways to relieve herself. It was time to make something happen.

”Actually, I could use with a quick bathroom trip as well as that stretch break soon,” Bex said, trying to downplay the need to pee part, and focus on the desire to stretch part.

Unfortunately, Patty heard the request the exact opposite way, fitting some of her own need into the equation as she said, “Oh Honey, you should’ve said so if you needed to go to the bathroom sooner. Can you hold it? Do you need us to pull over now? I’m so sorry you have to pee so badly.”

The offer to be allowed to pop a squat on the side of the highway intrigued her, and she tucked that bit of info away for another day, another situation. For now, she said, “Ma, I’m okay, really. I barely even need to go. Like not even at all. I just figured I would go as long as we were stopping anyway. I’m good for a while longer though.”

Patty, her full and weak bladder, and her ever filling up undergarments we’re having no part of that. “Roger, place you see, anywhere you see, we’re pulling over.”

”Really, Mom, it’s not a big deal,” Bex reiterated.

”We’re stopping,” Patty relied in her mom voice. The conversation was over, and everyone except a still passed out Avery knew it.

5 minutes later, Roger steered the vehicle off an exit ramp toward one of the mega stops Bex wasn’t a fan of. They probably had 20 toilets in their bathroom, but Bex was really racking her brain, trying to figure out some way she could pee somewhere else without her parents, or anyone at the stop really, seeing her.

“Should we wake her up?” Bex asked about Avery when they pulled into a parking spot.

”Let her sleep, we’ll be stopping more frequently now anyway to walk around get the blood flowing,” Patty said, already out of the passenger’s seat. She could feel the heaviness of her wet underwear. She couldn’t be sure, but she fully believed they wouldn’t be able to hold more than another squirt or two. She was even more confident her bladder needed to empty itself fully in the immediate future.

Patty on the verge of wetting her already soaked absorbent underwear, Bex struggling to figure out how to empty her pleasantly full bladder somewhere that isn’t a toilet, and Avery bound to eventually wake up in a rather dire situation - sounds like Part 2 is likely to be something special.

*005*2019-06-13 22:20

The sun was shining in through the white silk curtain, directly onto Avery’s golden tanned back. The rays of the early morning sunlight felt warm and comfortable against her bare skin. A fresh, gentle Fall breeze swept across the room, bringing with it the smell of the ripening apples from the surrounding orchards.

An equally naked body lay next to her. Deep, slow breaths caught short as Avery nestled herself into her partner’s embrace. She had always been a little spoon at heart.

Despite being at complete peace, she knew she had to get up. There was a pressure, deep in her lower belly. It wasn’t an annoyance. In fact, she found she somewhat enjoyed the feeling. But there was a little voice in the back of her head, telling her to go now.

Unfurling herself from the warm embrace, she stood up from under the covers, exposing the entirety of her bare backside to her bed partner, receiving a gentle grin in response.

In the bathroom, she took a moment to look in the mirror, to enjoy her naturally good looks and effortless curves. Maybe she was just chilled from getting out of bed, maybe it was the act of standing up, but whatever the cause, the rather pleasant pressure in her lower belly had quickly become less pleasant. In fact, as she took in her looks for a few more moments, it became outright difficult to hold.

She quickly sit her self on the toilet and tried to relax. Try was the key word. She felt her muscles relax, the pressure in her bladder, everything. But nothing came out. She pushed a little, yet not a drop yielded. She pushed on her bladder with her hand. Still, nothing. She clearly had to go, but for some reason, nothing was happening. Something was wrong. Avery couldn’t quite put her finger on it, but something was off. Something didn’t feel right. She stayed seated for a bit, trying to push out the bladder full she her body was hanging onto.

After some time, Avery had no idea how long, but it felt like a significant amount, she finally found the feeling she was seeking, craving. She could feel the stream of pee depart her bladder, rush through her urethra. A feeling of relief mixed with anticipation flooded Avery’s whole body. She could feel her bladder squeeze, encouraging the stream working it’s way out of her increase in speed and strength. She looked down, between her bare legs, ready to see it burst out of her V. Closer, closer, closer, it was there, right on the precipice between being inside her, and flowing out into the toilet. She gave one last squeeze, bore down on her bladder one last time and...

Avery blinked.

A midday beam of sun glared straight onto her face through a dusty window.

She pulled back out of the stream of light and blinked a few more times.

”Decided to join us again,” her sister, Bex said from the seat next to hers. She was in the old family car. It wasn’t early morning. She had no partner waiting for her in a warm bed in the next room. It had all been a dream. A dream that was probably in part due to her pain meds from her ankle.

She shifted and sat up a little more when the real world ramifications of her dream hit her and she suddenly felt a pit in her stomach drop. Contrary to her dream self, she was not currently seated on a toilet, nor nude. She had relieved herself though. Not completely, as she felt a very filled bladder revolt against her movement to sit up. She could feel the wetness in the pad she had placed in her underwear before leaving for this very reason. It felt soaked between her legs. With Bex seated right next to her, and her parents directly in front, there was no way she could reach down or pull the, down to assess the damage. But she could feel the pad bulging against her underwear, into her lady bits. Looking down, there was no obvious signs of the wetness she felt. Thankfully. Though her bladder gave another signal that she still had a significant amount inside her, and she questioned if her pants would stay this dry.

“Where... Where are we? How long was I out?” Avery asked her family.

“I don’t know, probably about 5 hours or so. We drove for like 4, stopped, walked around a little for like a half hour, and we’ve been driving again for another half hour or so,” Bex answered.

“And where’s my phone?” Avery asked, looking all around her.

”Here,” Ben held out her sister’s phone. “You dropped it on the floor when you were asleep and I grabbed it when we stopped.”

Avery took the phone and immediately pulled up her texting app without a word.

”You’re welcome,” Bex said, annoyed.

Avery quickly typed in a message to a contact listed as “Babes”

Holy crap! Holy Hell, Babe! Help

It took less than 30 seconds for a response, and the conversation was off and free flowing.

What? What happened? Are you okay?

I had a dream again.

Was I in it?

BABE! Focus

I am. I like focusing on how you dream sexy things about us

Sam, think about what I’m trying to tell you

I am. It means you already miss me

Samantha! I peed myself a little

Oh... OHH! Oh no!!

I know!

Did you have a pad in? Like you were planning

Yeah, it helped. Nothing’s visible

Good! So just change it next time you stop. You brought spares, right?

Of course, but that doesn’t fix my problem

You still have to pee?

So bad. So so bad

Did you ask to stop?

“When are planning for our next pit stop to be?” Avery asked her parents.

”At least 2 or 3 hours. We just stopped,” Her father replied, already annoyed they had to make a stop so soon and so suddenly.

That’s a no go on the go go Avery texted Samantha. He said at least a few hours

Can you hold it that long?

I’m not sure I can hold it until the next Exit

Did you tell them this?

That’s so embarrassing...

More embarrassing than flat out wetting yourself?

Point made

“Can we make a quick stop sooner?” Avery asked out loud.

”Somebody has to pee!” Bex teased, her own bladder still half full after their previous pit stop.

“I told you we should have woken her up. We can’t stop every time someone in this car has to tinkle,” Roger answered, more to Patty than anything.

”Do you need to use the restroom, or just stretch, honey?” Patty asked. She was in a new, and currently dry pair of absorbent underwear, although she wouldn’t complain about another stop. She had started sipping on water and was hoping to keep this pair dry.

”A little of both,” Avery replied, not wanting to admit to her current serious need. She was pressing her thighs together in hopes of discreetly helping herself hold it.

“We’re not pulling off to another one of those overpriced, overpacked highway stations. Nope! We’ll never get there at that rate.” Roger said.

“Can you hold it for a little bit?” Patty asked, attempting to find some middle ground. “We did just stop.”

”Yeah, I can wait,” Avery lied to her mother. She was nervous. Plus, it wasn’t like she could just hop out of the car and run inside whenever they did stop somewhere. She had to get her crutches out and hobble inside. It was a lot of twisting and bending. A lot of extra movements she wasn’t sure she’d be able to manage with her bladder so full. At least not manage and stay only as wet as she currently was.

Patty and Roger both seemed satisfied with this answer, and Avery turned back to her phone to update her girlfriend, Samantha.

Bex sat opposite her sister, watching her text away. Who was she talking to? Must be an actual contender in the list of guys A wry had tried to date. While wondering this, she also wondered to herself what she was going to do about the juice bottle filled with her pee currently residing in her purse next to her on the seat.

At the first pit stop just shortly ago, Bex knew she couldn’t hold her bladder for another few hours until their next stop. But she also wanted to keep her streak of not peeing in toilets alive. In a last ditch flash of clarity, as Patty was rushing inside, likely to relieve her own bursting bladder, Bex assumed, she noticed one of her father’s empty juice bottles next to her sleeping sister’s foot and phone. She grabbed both the bottle and phone, and rushed inside to catch up.

Once in, she noticed the continual line at the ladies’ room was about 20 filled bladders deep. Her mother was 4 women in front of her as she joined the queue. It was a hard, but doable wait for Bex. She had grown to like the feeling of risking wetting herself in public over the years. She also knew she wasn’t in actual danger of losing control, so it wasn’t bad. Patty however, was very much on the verge of letting loose at any moment, flooding her already soaked underwear. She knew she was dribbling. She could feel it. And with each flush of a toilet, or stream of wee she heard hitting toilet water, it became harder and harder for her to hold it.

She dashed into an available stall the moment it was her turn and one opened up. She had no shame in peeing full force right through her absorbent underwear into the toilet. She had just barely managed to get her pants down, and found that to be a victory in itself. Her worries were confirmed as several small streams began pouring out of the undergarment the moment Her pee hole opened up. She had just made it in several ways. She quickly took off the underwear and tossed them in the small garbage can in her stall, glad her daughter wouldn’t see her with them. She pulled a new pair out of her purse, wiped herself thoroughly, and slid the dry pair on. She had been wet for so much of the car ride, she had forgotten how good being dry and empty felt.

Patty was finished and was drying her hands by the the time a stall opened up for Bex. Patty was thankful it wasn’t the same stall she had used. Now at least, she didn’t have to worry about Bex finding the underwear in the garbage. Bex was also thankful her mother was leaving the bathroom. She had peed into bottles before out of curiosity, and knew it was a distinct and louder sound than just into the toilet. She didn’t care if any of the other women knew, but she preferred her mother not find out. She slowly slid down her pants and underwear, positioning the bottle with a small, but just wide enough top between her legs, about an inch away from her lower lips. The first time she ever tried using a bottle, she pushed it right up against herself, and learned the hard way there needs to be room for the air to escape the bottle. Otherwise, you end up peeing all over your hands uncontrollably as you desperately try to reposition the bottle that’s spurting pee in all different directions.

It took a few moments to get going. This was the first time she was trying this in public, and one rogue side stream could really cause a mess for her. But the pressure of her bladder took over the fear, and soon enough she had a thin, but constant, and very relieving stream shooting straight into the bottle. She also knew from previous experience her bladder, especially her full bladder, was bigger than water and juice bottles. And not just a little bigger.

Once, in her Freshman year of college, during a weekend most of the campus, including her roommate had left to go home, Bex experimented. She spent the whole first day drinking water. A lot of water. She also peed frequently. By the time dinner rolled around, she was rushing off to the bathroom every 45 minutes or so. It made eating in the dining hall a little embarrassing, as no one ever, EVER used the bathroom there. The door was literally smack in the middle of the main wall.

Everybody in the whole hall could see you going in there. Moreover, the walls were thin. Like paper thin. Bex imagined this wasn’t a big problem when the hall was filled and busy and loud. But on a weekend when barely anybody is on campus, well, the three guys sitting a table down from the bathroom door certainly heard everything she had done in there. After she got back to he dorm room, and the night started to get late, Bex pushed herself and started slamming down fluids, water, juice, soda... Anything liquid she would drink.

Her trips to the communal bathroom every 45 minutes started getting more and more urgent, and she could feel herself cutting it closer and closer each time. As midnight rolled around, and she was due for a bathroom break, she stayed in her room. She was holding herself at the 45 minute mark this time, and bouncing uncontrollably at 50 minutes. A spurt came out at 55 minutes, shooting right between her fingers into the floor, and at 58 minutes she lost all control. She tried not to. She really really tried. But she had found her limit, and a flood shot with great force out of her, into one of the water bottles she had recently drained.

Within seconds of her bliss, she realized her bladder was not emptying at the same rate the bottle was filling. She had to emerge toy cut her stream off (which really meant let out a less intense stream) while she switched bottles. By the time she finished, she was left sitting naked from the waist down on her floor, her Vijay dripping with more than just residual pee, gasping for breath with 6 water bottles filled with her wee, each almost overflowing. She had to laugh a little, though. By this point in the day, after drinking so much, her pee was so clear it looked like just water in each of the bottles.

Back to their pit stop, with her pants and undies around her knees, Bex had to once more pull back on her stream. It was easier this time, than that day in college, but her bladder still put up a bit of a fight. The last drop escaped just as the bottle officially ran out of room for a single drop more. She carefully screwed the lid back on the bottle, and debated about what to do with it. She could dump its contents in the toilet, flush, and no one would be any the wiser.

But that felt like cheating. She could toss it in the garbage can in the stall, full, but she felt bad for who ever would have to clean the stall later and empty the trash. Ultimately, she realized she was doing nothing but holding up the line, and a few urgently full bladders as she heard a soft gasp from the other side of the door. She decided to throw the full bottle into her purse and devise a plan on how to empty both it, and the remaining pee in her bladder, later. Wiped, reclothed, hands washed, she met her parents in the parking lot where they were debating if they should wake up Avery.

Avery now sat in the car, alone in her desperation. Samantha being hundreds of miles away, the only one knowing both of Avery’s true bladder status, and even the fact that Avery wasn’t straight. Up until recently, Avery herself wasn’t even sure of this fact, having trialed many guys from her school. She hadn’t told any of her family yet, and didn’t think she was ready to yet.

She was, however, more than ready for a bathroom break. Even if it wasn’t in a toilet. Even if it wasn’t in a bathroom.

