Drafted

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2023-04-01 12:33

Basic Training

”Welcome to Camp Smith,” Instructor Graz started. At 6’3” and 200+ pounds of lean, hard-earned muscle, he held a commanding pretense standing before the 25 new recruits.

Standing in 5 rows of 5 each, the new recruits were an array of all different walks of life, gender and identities, and ages - the youngest at 18 years old, the oldest topping 45.

”You will spend the next 8 weeks here with myself and my fellow instructors,” Graz continued, motioning to the 3 other people standing next to him wearing fatigues - 1 male Instructor Darin, 1 female Instructor Lavel, and 1 who’s gender preference wasn’t clear, Instructor Fette.

“You will start each sentence with ‘yes’ or ‘no’ followed by ‘Instructor’. Is that clear?”

25 “Yes, Instructor” echoed back.

“Excellent,” Instructor Graz continued. “Maybe you aren’t a hopeless group after all.”

“As each of you know, you’ve all been drafted. That means there are no choices. There is no quitting. You will be here for the entirety of this course. No negotiations, no exceptions.”

”While you are here, there are no personal preferences, there is no individuality. In a few moments, my fellow instructors will hand you 2 patches, each with a matching number. That number is your identity. That number is what you will answer to and are responsible for. You will wear 1 patch on the front of your uniform, and 1 on the arm. You will not, under any circumstances, lose your number or trade numbers.”

“We’re starting in this corner,” Instructor Graz continued, pointing to a middle-aged male at the front right of the group. “You will be 3 from here on until completion of this course. We will continue through until you in the far back corner,” pointing to a female in her 20’s,” will be 27.”

“Notably, we skipped 1 and 2. Nobody here is number 1. You win, lose, and struggle, as a collective unit. Equally, we chose to skip number 2 as well. Bathroom jokes have no place here.”

From the last row, the hand of a 30 year old woman raised.

“Question, 22?” Instructor Graz inquired.

“Yes Instructor. Speaking of bathrooms, how do bathroom breaks work here?”

”Excellent question,” Instructor Graz responded. “Do you need one?”

“It was a pretty long bus ride here,” 22 answered.

“First of all, that is not how you were instructed to answer. ALL sentences start with ‘yes’ or ‘no’ and ‘Instructor’. So I will ask you again. 22, do you need a bathroom break?”

22’s cheeks flushed slightly red. “Yes Instructor.”

“Better,” Instructor Graz approved. “Who else here would like a bathroom break?”

A dozen hands scattered throughout the group raised.

“Interesting,” Instructor Graz softly said.

“Bathroom breaks, as with everything else here at Camp Smith are pre-scheduled,” Instructor Graz answered. “Most are also not scheduled by time. Rather, we have them scheduled in relation to where you are at in a specific task. For example, we have some scheduled at the completion of a specific task or exercise, some are in the beginning, and some are set at milestones within the exercise or task.”

”I’m sure you’d be interested in the time of our next.. well, I suppose first bathroom break?”

”Yes Instructor,” Came a reply from more than half the recruits.

“Excellent,” Instructor Graz replied. “We know exactly how long that bus ride in can be and scheduled your first bathroom break at the completion of this intro speech, and 2 quick and largely easy tasks. When all 25 of you complete each of these tasks, you will all be allowed to go. Everyone understand?”

”Yes Instructor,” All 25 responded.

”Exactly what I want to hear. Task 1 is you have 2 minutes to place you shoes on the ground next to you, you will then place any pants, shirts, dresses, undergarments, binders… Whatever clothing you are currently wearing… you will place all of it neatly on top of your shoes,” Instructor Graz explained.

“The purpose of this exercise is A, to remove your old identity as you become your numbered identity, and B, to prepare you for the next several tasks and exercises over the course of the rest of today.”

”Begin,” Instructor Graz concluded, looking directly at his watch.

Some recruits, mostly the older recruits, began immediately. There was some hesitancy from the middle-aged group and the younger recruits didn’t even move.

That is, until Instructor Graz called out, “1 minute 53 seconds remaining. If we see as much as 1 sock left remaining on 1 recruit, this exercise was a fail. As I instructed earlier, you win, lose, struggle and, in this case, lose, as a collective unit. 1 minute 45 seconds. I promise, you do not want to fail exercises. Especially those of you looking forward to a bathroom break”

With that, the entirety of the 25 recruits began stripping.

*002*2023-04-02 13:10

“It appears,” Instructor Graz began, “Some of you took my 2 minute deadline to both remove and neatly fold your clothing as a suggestion. Allow me to clarify - it was not.”

All 25 recruits had fully removed all of their clothing and undergarments. As time elapsed, though, 12 and 21 just didn’t have time to fold everything completely, opting to place their shirt on top of their stack of shoes and clothing instead of folding them.

“Accordingly, you have all failed this exercise,” Instructor Graz continued. “As I mentioned earlier, you do not want to fail a task.”

”Punishment for this failure is as follows,” Instructor Darin stepped forward and began, pointing to the distance in front of them. “You all should see the flag at the top of the dirt hill there. That is exactly 100 meters from where you’re standing.”

“You will each run to that flag, run around it’s pole once, and return to the exact formation you’re standing in currently,” Instructor Darin continued. “You will have 5 minutes, since I’m not sure if your running abilities yet. Go.”

“Instructor?” 04 started. “Are we getting changed or just running, or…?”

”4 minutes 54 seconds,” Instructor Darin interrupted 04.

All 25 still naked recruits took off running to the the flag.

As the last recruit passed by running, Instructor Darin bent down and retrieved a patch that had been dropped. 12 - a woman in her late 20’s, long brunette hair, shaved crotch. She was one of the two who caused them to fail the stripping task in the first place. Looks like she was now the cause of the class failing this task as well.

Might as well let them finish running first before breaking the news.

*004*2023-04-03 00:04

Sweating, (some more than others), and all working to catch their breath, the 25 recruits stood before Instructor Darin in the order the had departed to complete their run.

“4 minutes 13 seconds,” Instructor Darin announced to smiles and a general uplifting of spirits. “Well done recruits.”

”However,” Instructor Graz moved the front of the class once more as a collective catch in breath ensued. “It’s a proper shame you will all need to complete this exercise again.”

“What do you?” In multiple forms of the question came from several different recruits at the same time.

“Once again,” Instructor Graz started. “I seem to have been the recipient of sentences that did not start in the proper form - and I mean, not one of you started that question with ‘Instructor’.”

”I will, however, give you all a unified grace period,” Instructor Graz continued. “I suggest you do not make this mistake again.”

Instructor Darin held up 12’s patch. “It seems one member of your class is not taking their new identity seriously.”

“Accordingly,” Instructor Darin continued “This exercise will need to be repeated.”

A soft groan came from the class.

“You also all did not utilize the entire 5 minutes I provided to you,” Instructor Darin said over the unspoken grumblings. “4 minutes and 30 seconds will clearly be plenty.”

“Instructor?” 22 began to ask over another rounds of groans.

“Go ahead 22,” Instructor Graz allowed.

“I just wanted to follow up on our bathroom break,” 22 started. “It was supposed to be at the completion of 2 exercises, 1 being us stripping and 1 being the running,”

“You are correct,” Instructor Graz confirmed. “Your first bathroom break at Camp Smith is scheduled at the completion of your first 2 exercises. You have yet to complete the first exercise, though.”

“We did and I…” 22 began, catching the raised eyebrow Instructor Graz was giving. “Sorry. Instructor, what do you mean we haven’t completed the first task yet?”

”The first task was to disrobe fully and to properly fold each article of clothing. This was not achieved in the timeframe provided by the entirety of the class. Therefore, the first task was not completed.”

“As you are currently learning, when a task is failed - and remember, you pass or fail as a class, together - there is a punishment,” Instructor Graz continued. “The punishment for this failure was the running exercise you just completed, and failed. Therefore, you will repeat the punishment as many times as necessary for a collective pass before we can begin the second exercise.”

“Once the second exercise is completed, you will be allowed your scheduled bathroom break.”

”If I’m to understand correctly, you’re concerned about this matter due to having a full bladder?” Instructor Graz asked.

“I…” 22 stumbled with the words for a moment. “Yes Instructor.”

“12.” Instructor Graz replied. “You have now been partially and directly responsible for both failures. I suggest you apologize to 22 and proceed to complete this punishment in the manner and timeframe requested.”

This single statement caused both women to blush.

“Go,” Instructor Darin called out, signaling the beginning of the repeat punishment.

*006*2023-04-04 00:29

“What’s wrong, 19?” Instructor Darin asked, looking down at the twenty-something recruit laying flat on the dirt 30 meters from finishing the exercise.

“Sorry Instructor,” 19 apologized, but also not making any moves towards getting up. “I just needed a minute,” He continued.

“‘Just needed a minute’?” Instructor Darin mimicked back. “You’re going to have to give me a better explanation than that.”

”It’s just…”

”Instructor,” Instructor Darin interjected and corrected.

“Yes Instructor. Sorry Instructor,” 19 corrected.

“Instructor, it’s just been a really long day with all the traveling and now running and I just needed a break.”

“Don’t apologize to me, 19,” Instructor Darin said. “You need to explain that to 12, who has been directly responsible for both previous failures and now finally succeeded. You took that win away from her because you needed this little break.”

”Explain how hard today has been to 22,” Instructor Darin continued. “22, who right now looks like she’s barely able to stand still because she has to pee. 22, who despite having a full bladder, finished this punishment on time and without complaint. 22, who right now, as we speak, you are actively delaying her bathroom break, and caused her to have to complete this punishment again. Explain to her your need for this little break of yours.”

”Sorry Instructor. You’re right,” 19 conceded, standing up, dust covering his back.

19 jogged back to the formation, completing the class of 25 once more.

Instructor Darin could see 19 not say a word to 12 or 22 or anyone else, giving him a sense of annoyance at the young recruit.

“3 minutes 50 seconds,” Instructor Darin call out from the 30 meters away.

“Go!”

*007*2023-04-06 03:56

“3…” Instructor Darin called out.

“2…” Only 19 remained to finish, taking leaping steps through the sand, cheered on by the entire class, all of whom had already finished.

“1…” 5 meters left. Then 3. Then 1…

”Well done, 19,” Instructor Darin congratulated. “Well done everyone.”

Instructor Darin stepped back, allowing Instructor Graz back to the center, in front of the class. “To echo Instructor Darin, congratulations on completing your first exercise and subsequent punishments.”

Instructor Graz took a moment to look around at the class - everyone was sweaty. Most were dusty and to some degree dirty, especially 19. Everyone had a somewhat tired and defeated look.

”22,” Instructor Graz started. “How are you feeling after our first task?”

”Instructor, I’m glad it’s over,” 22 responded.

“I know you wanted a bathroom break,” Instructor Graz continued, pushing. “How are you feeling on that front?”

”Honestly, Instructor, not good,” 22 replied with legs crossed and a slight bend at the waist. “I just… I can’t stop thinking about it… How badly I need to go. Instructor, I just… I need to go to the bathroom.”

”I see,” Instructor Graz answered. “12, what about you?”

”Instructor… What about me?”

”How’s your bladder feeling?”

“Instructor, I… I would also like to go to the bathroom.”

”You’d like to go, or you need to go?”

”I would normally have gone if it were an average day, Instructor,” 12 replied. “Though I can still wait if needed. I’m not worried about holding it for now. So I guess that means I want to go.”

”Who else here WANTS to go to the bathroom?” Instructor Graz asked the group. A dozen hands raised, including 19 and 27.

”And who else is like 22 and feels like they NEED to go?”

22 raised her hand. As well did 03 (one of the older males who had been among the first to both start and finish stripping during the first task).

After a moment, 08 also raised their hand. 08 was by far the most fit and muscular of all the recruits, sporting a buzz cut and flat, broad, and toned chest and small puff of dark hair above otherwise shaven, maybe even waxed female genitals.

”3,” Instructor Graz called out. “I’m surprised. You haven’t said anything.”

03 shrugged. “No sense complaining, Instructor. Either I can wait, or I can’t.”

”Sure…” Instructor Graz acknowledged, unsure what to make of the comment.

“Same question, 8.”

A small smirk spread across 08’s face. “Instructor, I don’t mind the pressure too much.”

”…Right… Okay,” Instructor Graz replied, now concerned about both recruits’ answers.

“Anyway, on to the second task,” Instructor Graz continued. “22, 03, and 08, you’re up first.”

*010*2023-04-12 23:55

“22, since you’re so interested in going first for task 2, step forward,” Instructor Lavel said, taking the lead for the first time.

As 22 took short, careful steps towards the front of the class, keeping her thighs pressed as close together as possible, Instructor Lavel began, “Task 1, as you’ll all recall, was designed to begin to remove your old identity as you start this journey with your new, numbered identity.”

”That focus on removal of your old identity,” Instructor Lavel continued, “Will once again be the primary objective of this task.”

From behind the class, a new individual wearing fatigues appeared around the corner of the building, pushing what could best be described as a barber chair on wheels.

22’s stomach sank along with most of the other recruits.

“Have a seat, 22, Instructor Lavel said.

22 hesitated, running the ends of her long hair through her fingers.

“You can go last if you need a minute, 22,” Instructor Lavel offered.

“Not a chance, Instructor,” 22 replied, sitting in the chair, legs tightly crossed.

The silent individual in fatigues took the battery powered clippers and made a single, quick pass down the middle of 22’s scalp, hair cascading down around her shoulders.

She was ready to cry as another pass was made, but was also internally glad it was going quickly - the hope of relief seemingly on the horizon.

4 more passes with the clippers, and 22 had little more than peach fuzz. She stood up and hurriedly asked, “Instructor, where are the bathrooms located?”

”I’m not sure why you’re asking that right now, 22,” Instructor Lavel answered. “You’re not done yet.”

*011*2023-04-29 12:42

“…I…” 22 stammered, now openly holding herself, her hand pushed hard between her legs.

“What?… Instructor.”

”22,” Instructor Lavel began. “Remind me of the purpose of this exercise.”

”Instructor, the purpose of this task is to remove as much of our old identity as possible as we transition into our new numbered identity here,” 22 recited.

”Well done, 22,”

”Instructor, I’ve done that,” 22 continued.

”Have you?” Instructor Lavel asked, eyebrows raised as head tilted down.

22 looked down as well, curious, and saw the tufts of hair sticking out from between her crossed legs, her hand covering most of them.

“Instructor..?!…” 22 began, unable to fully form the thought, let alone make a cohesive sentence from it. “I… I can’t… I’ll actually wet myself.”

”You will be standing out here for a long time, then, 22,” Instructor Lavel replied. “This exercise is not completed until all hair is removed.”

All 25 recruits, and each of the instructors heard it at the same time, turning to look. The sound of a stream, a somewhat powerful one at that, splattering against the hard dirt beneath them broke the tension in the air for the moment.

*013*2023-04-30 12:12

All eyes were on the stream. Some judging. Most jealous.

22 in particular had to cross her legs even tighter, pushing against herself with her hand as hard as she could. She could feel her fingers becoming slightly damp as the sound of the stream just a few paces away from her splashed on.

“03…?” Instructor Lavel raised a questioning eyebrow at the recruit actively peeing in front of everyone, not even bothering to hold himself to aim anywhere in particular.

03 shrugged. “I was in the ‘need to go’ group for a reason. I said I’d hold until I couldn’t,” He offered. “This is what ‘couldn’t hold it’ looks like.”

“03, when’s the last time you relieved yourself?” Instructor Lavel asked. “Prior to this little water show of yours, of course.”

”Just before I left home to go to the bus station, Instructor.”

”What about you, 08?”

”Same, Instructor,” Answered 08 who despite endorsing finding some pleasure in the pressure of having to pee, now looked concerned, bending at the knees slightly.

”And you, 12?”

“Just my morning pee when I woke up this morning, Instructor.”

”Interesting,” Instructor Lavel commented. “And how are you feeling after 03 decided he couldn’t hold it?”

”I’m going to have to go soon, Instructor,” 12 responded.

“Would you say you still want to go, or now need to go?”

”Instructor, I…” 12 started. “I need to go to the bathroom.”

”Excellent news!” Instructor Lavel answered. “Why don’t you have a seat and go next for the exercise since 22 has decided to wait for so long to complete it herself.”

”Instructor??!?…” 22 was beside herself.

*015*2023-05-06 11:53

22 had both hands deep between her legs and had crouched down, resting on her tip toes and 1 knee.

12 was in the depths of having her head shaved. Like 22, she’d also need to have her nethers shaved by this barber as well. Unlike 22, she was pretty sure she could do so without accidentally peeing. Pretty sure…

08 was progressively looking worse for the wear, as they had now crossed their legs and a hand hovered near their crotch. 08 probably didn’t need to have their head shaved, already sporting a buzz. But the tuft of hair above their vagina definitely needed to go. Similar to 12, 08 would probably not pee during that. Probably…

03 was now off to the side, awkwardly away from everyone. After his accident, he would go last for this event. He knew some of the recruits were staring at him. Whether it was from a place of judgement or jealousy, he didn’t know. And it didn’t matter. That was the first accident he’d had in probably over 20 years. No shame in that.

Despite taking his time and needing a break in the middle of running, 19 was now beginning to wish he hadn’t caused them to fail earlier. Aware of how long this process had already taken, he was starting to get concerned about his own need to go in the near future. Add that pressure with the several nude women near him - most quite pretty - he was beginning to experience a uniquely male issue. He had resorted to holding his hands over himself to cover the extra blood flow.

Being in the farthest corner, and back row, 27 was taking the sight in. She had to pee as well. Quite badly. But watching everything unfold in front of her was better Han some of the drama shows she watched. This was real. And exciting. And being so far back with absolutely no eyes on her, could she just pee? Maybe squat down and go? Maybe just sit? She had options. And entertainment.

Edited May 14, 2023 by Xx4evRockerxX (see edit history)

*018*2023-05-15 00:30

“22, you’re up,” Instructor Lavel said as 12 stood up, completing her task, head and pubis shaved clean.

“Instructor,” 12 interjected before 22 could respond. “Where can I find the bathrooms?” 12 asked.

“You’re starting to sound like 22,” Instructor Lavel replied, chuckling.

“If memory serves,” Instructor Lavel continued, “Instructor Graz informed you of a very simple policy here at Camp Smith - Win as a group, Lose as a group, and no task is completed until it is completed by ALL members of the class.”

12 sighed. 24 haircuts and pube shavings stood between her and a toilet. She could wait. She could hold it. The only question was could she do so for long enough?

”22,” Instructor called out once more. “The time is now. Either sit back in that chair and let our fine barber here de-fur your crotch so you can continue waiting for the bathroom, or wet yourself, then come over here and get shaved.”

”Either way, it’s your turn. Just a matter of how full your bladder is in the process.”

”Oh-no…” 24 classmates and all instructors heard squeaked out as a second stream started splattering against the ground.

