Shopkeeper

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2023-03-03 04:28

The early morning air felt perfect. Cool, still. A hint of humidity suggesting at another boiler of a day.

This has always been my favorite part of the day. Before any hustle or bustle. Before the challenges of the day begin to present themselves. It’s just you, and the entire day ahead of you.

I breathed in deeply, savoring the moment, the coolness, the stillness and unlocked the front door.

It was dark inside, only morning rays shining through the windows to guide me. The rays and the many years of practice navigating the route from door to the main counter to the back room where I switched on the overhead lights, casting the half dozen short aisles in sanitized overly bright light.

For many years now, I’ve been the owner, and sole employee of a small gas station and convenience store in the Midwest US.

You’d think one of the giant conglomerates would’ve chased me away long ago. You’d also be wrong. They want nothing to do with this road.

180 miles. From my front door to the next occupied structure, it’s 180 miles of straight, flat, dry, uninhabited roadway.

Traveling at a decent 60 mph pace, it’s a full 3 hour trip.

By the time the see my humble shop, almost everyone who has braved the expansive road stops.

Gas, water, food, leg stretching… whatever the reason, few cars pass by.

Location, location, location.

My shop also happens to have the only bathroom for the entirety of the lengthy trip, adding to the popularity of my pit stop.

Speaking of, I entered the small, unisex, single occupant bathroom, dropped my fitted jeans and faded pink underwear to knee length, and took my morning wee. No sense locking the door. It was early enough I wasn’t worried about any visitors. Virtually nobody traveled that road at night. I’d have at least a good half hour still before my first patron of the day.

A quick wipe with probably a square or two less than what would’ve been considered normal (I’m a firm believer of small, manageable reductions is consumption and waste add up over time because they’re sustainable changes to habits towards sustainability) and I was back out to start restocking a few shelves.

Just as I reached far back on a shelf to retrieve an item that had been pushed back who knows when, hoping the expiration date was still good, I heard from behind me, “Um, excuse me?”

*002*2023-03-03 04:59

{{18 minutes ago, Unbeknownst said:

I don’t get it. All I see is an empty quote box.

}}

Lol that’s what happens when you press submit before you’re ready

*004*2023-03-03 05:30

Hmm, “Hi,” I pleasantly welcomed, standing to greet a young couple.

“What can I do for you?” I asked.

Almost before the words even finished coming out, the young woman hurriedly asked, “Sorry to bother you, but do you have a restroom we could use?”

She was slightly bent over at waist, and tense all over. Interestingly, he looked completely relaxed. I found her use of the term “we” off balance.

“Of course. Just down in the corner there,” I answered politely, pointing to the small room I had just recently used.

She was off and making her way there, once again before I had fully finished speaking. He followed after, greeted by the door closing. He didn’t seem bothered though.

Looked like another case where they both had to go while driving. They likely stopped on the side of the road along the way, where he had found a bush or small tree to water while she refused to go, electing to hold it until she arrived at my front door, worse for the wear.

I’d seen that scenario play out far too often. As a fellow female, I usually felt for them. Usually… Sometimes… At the very least, I understood their thought process in waiting.

*005*2023-03-03 06:23

“Anything else I can do for you?” I asked as the young woman exited my bathroom.

“Oh, um, no I think we’re good now, thanks,” she replied much more timidly than her speech pattern had been just minutes earlier.

Interesting how she used the term “we” again. He hadn’t gone into the bathroom. I suppose that confirmed my earlier suspicions of her electively holding it.

“Well have a safe rest of your trip then,” I offered as she couldn’t meet my eye contact and had a fairly quick pace back out the front door.

Alone once more, it was back to organizing and restocking for me.

After just a few more minutes though, I stopped and stood back up, making my way to the back room. I grabbed my 32 oz. water jug off my desk and headed to the drink fountain at the back of the shop to fill it with water.

It was still so early, yet the sun rays shining in the front windows were already warming up, leading to a bit of thirst.

I took a long pull from the straw and was just about to kneel back down at the partially stocked shelf when a middle aged male came through the door.

“Good morning!” I greeted. “What can I do for you?”

”Quite a road, you’ve got out there,” he chuckled.

“It is quite something,” I engaged him back in light conversation.

“Car’s out there filling up on gas,” he continued on. “Any chance you’ve got a bathroom? I’ve just spent the last few hours filling up myself.”

”Sure do, right through that door in the corner there,” I directed once again, pointing.

“Much appreciated,” he nodded in thanks before heading that way.

As he closed the door, I saw yet another car pull into my front lot. It was shaping up to be both a busy and early day, I thought, taking another deep sip of my water.

I watched out the window as the car pulled right up to the door, and a younger woman, maybe 30, sprung out of the passenger side door.

“Hi there, anything I can help you wi-“ I started as she cut me off “Where’s your bathroom??”

*006*2023-03-03 07:31

I simply pointed her in the direction as she rushed back, being quite loud on the way.

“It’s LOCKED!” She wailed at me trying to turn the handle.

Who didn’t knock first on a public toilet? Rude. And somewhat gross.

“Where’s the key?!” She demanded.

“When the individual currently inside finishes, there will be no key needed,” I educated her on my bathroom door lock policy.

“HURRY UP!!” She bellowed, banging her fist against the door.

While not my problem, I silently hoped the gentleman inside took just a few extra seconds than he might otherwise.

My attention now on straightening up an endcap, I sipped my water and minded my own business as the woman continued to knock aggressively and holler.

At long last (assumably longer for her than anyone) the male patron unlocked the door and attempted to exit, only to find himself nearly pushed back in and subsequently trapped with this boisterous woman as she released what I could only assume was a ferocious torrent based on her behavior.

Fortunately he managed to escape as what sounded like the beginnings of the torrent emanated from behind him. Certainly she didn’t lock the door. Hopefully, for my sake, she managed to close the door all the way.

The man and I looked at each other as he straightened up from his harrowing bathroom exit and merely smiled. People.

“Do I owe you a minimum purchase or anything?” He asked.

“We’ll count your full tank of gas out there” I responded. “You have yourself a safe rest of your trip.”

”Thanks much,” he replied on his way out.

His comment and the woman’s demands convinced me to complete one chore a few hours early today. I took another sip as I went into the office back room again. It was a welcome reprieve from listening to the woman’s ongoing stream raging in my toilet - clearly she still didn’t feel the need to properly close the door fully - as well as allowed me to find and grab what I needed.

As I exited the office, so too exited the woman. Of course she didn’t wash her hands. What other sanitary steps had she skipped?

“You need women’s only bathroom,” she commanded on her way out.

“Not typically,” I responded to myself, once again alone.

I pushed through the front door, the heat already starting to be noticeably uncomfortable, and turned immediately around. I hung the sign from the office on the front door before retreating back inside.

I hung the sign most days, usually after an encounter with a customer such as my last. It offered me an opportunity of control.

—- RESTROOM AVAILABLE ONLY WITH $5 MIN. PURCHASE ——

*008*2023-03-04 01:00

I breathed in the cool A/C air graciously once back inside.

It was only 7:30 AM and I’d already had 3 patrons and a fair bit of commotion.

I realized I was already more than half way through my first water jug of the day while taking another sip, just as the office phone rang.

I left the jug on the counter and went back to answer it. This was a fairly rare occurrence

“Hello?” I answered with hesitation. No caller ID here. So few people knew the number, I never really needed one.

“Good morning, Sunshine!” Came a boisterous voice from the other end — Jack Roules.

I’d met Jack early on in my days of owning the shop. Back when I was still trying to trouble shoot quite a few things and get everything the way I wanted it.

He owned essentially an identical shop on the exact opposite end of the road - 180 miles away.

“Morning, Jack,” I replied cheerfully. I’d always liked him. Our mindsets were in line with each other on most topics.

“To what do I owe the pleasure of your consideration this morning?” I asked.

“Well… I’m sure by now you’ve noticed it’s going to be quite the warm one today,” He said.

“Hard to miss, Jack,” I responded playfully.

“Going to be a busy one,” I continued. Hot weather meant people drank more fluids. The more they drank… Well let’s just say the warmer the weather, the more people need to stop by and spend at least $5. Usually more in their haste.

“Sure is. I’ve already had 4 customers this morning,” Jack said.

“You’ve got me beat,” I replied. “I’ve only had 3 so far”.

There was an uncomfortable pause before Jack continued. “That’s actually why I’m calling. On top of the heat out there, I wanted to give you a heads up a bus just passed by headed your way maybe half an hour ago.”

My breath caught for a moment in my throat. Busses posed unique challenges to Jack and myself.

“What kind of bus was it?” I asked.

Big charter buses usually had a small bathroom accommodation on board. They also tended to travel a little faster, leading to less of a rush when they inevitably arrived at my front door.

On the other hand, by far the worse case scenario was —-

“I hate to tell you it was a yellow bus,” Jack confirmed my fears.

Slow moving. Usually without A/C and windows that only opened 2 inches for ventilation. No on board facilities for relief. Yellow buses were old school buses rented out to large groups of people for long trips.

When they finally showed up, it was always a bit of chaos, a lot of full bladders, and a very tired shopkeeper by the time they finally left.

Jack and I started giving each other complimentary calls a few years ago whenever we saw a bus on their way towards the other. At least then you could prepare yourself a little.

“Appreciate the advanced notice, Jack,” I thanked him.

“Anytime,” He said. “Good luck”.

I started doing the math as I hung up. Yellow busses typically managed the distance in about 4 hours. Jack had seen them pass half an hour ago. That meant I could expect them right around 11 o’clock.

I set the timer on my phone for 10:30, allowing myself a bit to prepare as I heard someone open the front door and call out “hello?”

Patron number 4 and customer number 1 for today.

*009*2023-03-05 03:04

A quarter of the way through my water jug for the second time, yet another person came through the door.

Normally, that’d be great! There’s been a near constant trickle of people all morning. One leaves just as another is coming in.

Most see my sign on the front door, grab whatever they see first just to buy something quickly, then ask for the bathroom.

It really is quite the effective business plan.

However, my alarm had gone off twenty minutes ago. I could expect an entire bus-full of people any minute.

But with the store actually busy this morning, I hadn’t been alone for more than a minute or two since those first few patrons came in.

As the owner and only employee of the shop, I had made a company policy several years ago that I could not leave the shop unattended if there was a customer.

The customer could be in the shop, in the parking lot, or down the road. The landscape was so flat I could usually see at least a good mile, maybe two on cooler days with less humidity.

If there was no customer and no one coming down the road, I would allow myself to be not actively available.

There’s really only one thing I ever did that would leave me actively unavailable to a customer - that would be taking a bathroom break. It’s pretty hard to walk away once you start. And even if you do, it’s not instant. Between stopping the stream, wiping, redressing… There’s nothing particularly immediate about it.

Why is it important to be so vigilant? Surely a customer could be unattended for a few seconds? Absolutely! It’s the thieves I’m worried about.

I’m by no stretch rolling in it. I make enough money to live. I put a few dollars away every week. But certainly not an exorbitant amount of income.

Shortly before I made this policy, I was, indeed just heading into the bathroom when what I thought was a customer was walking in. I asked if he needed anything. When he said he was just going to browse for a minute, I replied “Great! I’ll be out in a minute and could ring you up whenever you’re ready,”

I didn’t even take a long pee. It was the average, just going because I can feel some degree of pressure in my bladder kind of pee. I couldn’t have been in there longer than 2 minutes - including washing my hands.

That’s all it took for him to trash half the aisles, steal quite a bit, and take off never to be seen again. And of course, I didn’t have cameras of any kind.

I still don’t. They’re expensive. And it took me a long time to recoup those losses.

Accordingly, my company policy of no peeing when there’s anyone else around came into effect.

I had already cut it a little close once this morning, only being out of the bathroom long enough to reach towards the back of a shelf before that young couple came in.

I offered my farewell to the latest customer and took another sip from my water jug. The first 32 ounces plus now a second quarter of the jug - I had drank roughly 40 ounces of water this morning. That’s 1200 mL. 1.2 liters. In other words …

I was really starting to need to pee.

“Hi, good morning,” I said as cheerfully as I could as another woman walked in. She was maybe mid-twenties. Pretty. And also had to pee.

“Oh, hi,” she replied almost absentmindedly, grabbing a protein bar off the shelf nearest her and quickly bringing it to the counter.

“That’ll be $4.32,” I said, knowing the price by heart. So many people use it as their item to try to reach their $5 minimum. It’s part of why I put them so close to the door.

“Oh,” She replied clearly becoming more distraught. “I, um… I saw your sign outside and I thought this would be more and… Can I just give you $5 and use the bathroom? Please?”

”Don’t even worry about this, just go,” I replied. “Right back in the corner there.”

”Thank you so much,” She said already turned and taking quick steps towards her much needed relief.

Would I normally let her go completely free like that? Probably not. She was polite, so I probably would have just had her ring out the protein bar and called it good.

But with the impending arrival of the bus, and all the water I had downed this morning starting to request exit, the sooner this woman left, the more likely I could find relief myself in the near future.

She. Took. Forever.

In reality, she was only in the bathroom for 6 or 7 minutes. But I was on a tight timeline. I needed her to be done so I could go.

“Thanks again,” she offered walking out the door. I gave a quick smile and half wave in reply.

Fortunately, she got right in her car and pulled out of my small parking lot quickly.

I hurried outside as soon as she made the turn to continue on her journey and looked down the road —-

There was the bus, right at the edge of the distance I could see. Maybe three quarters of a mile away, given how hot and humid it was.

Nonetheless, my time was up . They’d be here in less than a minute.

I was going to have to hold it. Probably for far longer than I preferred to.

Hopefully I could hold it for long enough.

1.2 liters wanted out.

*010*2023-03-06 00:46

I could’ve peed.

The bus pulled up just as quickly as I had anticipated. If not even sooner. I had gone back in, behind the counter, embracing the reprieve of the A/c despite only having been outside for such a short time.

I was ready for the rush. The bus sat there.

I was ready to have upwards of 20 full bladders join my own - all vying for their own release and relief. The bus sat there.

My legs were crossed over each other as I anticipated quite a wait to use my own bathroom. The bus sat there.

I could’ve peed.

What was taking them so long? I had anticipated and experienced a wide range of all sorts of events that took place with a bus pulling up.

Sitting there minute after minute without any movement though was not something I was prepared for.

I could’ve peed.

Finally, after what could’ve been two whole bathroom trips for me - a single, middle-aged to older woman disembarked the yellow bus and made her way inside.

“Good morning,” She greeted sweetly, in a way only a teacher could.

“Hi, good morning,” I responded as normally as I could muster given how odd this scenario was starting to become. “What can I help you with?”

The woman thought for a moment, choosing her words. “My name is Patricia Woods - I’m the head of the Nursing Department at State University.”

“A few of my fellow professors, our Sophomore Class of nursing students, and myself are on our way to one of our sister schools that is offering free health screenings, flu vaccinations, and a few other community outreach objectives,” She continued.

“That’s great!” I responded, now entirely unsure where she was going and what was happening. “Anything I can do to help?” I offered.

“Actually there is something,” Patricia responded, finally getting the meat of the reason we were having this conversation.

“That is quite the highway from the last city over and we weren’t anticipating it being so absolutely empty and void of structures…”

There’s a reason we have the signs up that warm of there being literally nothing…. I thought.

“…and facilities…”

There is is.

“…and as I’m sure you can imagine, we’ve all had quite a bit of water this morning to keep up with the heat…”

Just say it already.

“… And since we’re not familiar with the area we decided to stop and ask for directions…”

Directions?

“… We’re looking for the nearest rest area. Being a local, and the first we’ve seen in a few hours now, we were hoping you could help?” She concluded.

It was all I could do to keep the surprise off my face. “Uh, well, unfortunately there’s not really any formal rest stops really anywhere along this whole stretch of road,” I broke the news.

”It’s pretty sparsely populated entirely up until you get to the city. But that’s another hour or so.”

”Oh,” Patricia responded, both defeated and deep in her thoughts.

“I’m actually a little embarrassed to ask, but a few of our students… Well, let’s phrase it as they overachieved with their hydration this morning and are currently feeling the effects,”

This is the nicest anyway has ever phrased asking me to use my bathroom. But I really needed her to get on with it. The sooner she asked, the sooner they would get done, the sooner I could go.

”Would it be possible for some of those students to use the rest room here if you have a public one available?” She FINALLY asked.

”Of course!” I responded, glad we were finally making progress. “How could I deny some students who are dedicating their work towards helping others?!”

”Excellent!” She looked a little relieved. I assumed there was a chance she thought I would say no and from the sounds of it, no wasn’t currently an option for at least a few of them.

She bustled out and immediately returned with 4 girls, probably in their early twenties judging by looks and that Patricia had said they were in the Sophomore class.

Only 4? Maybe this wouldn’t take too long after all.

”Right back there,” I nodded the direction to the first of the girls. Poor thing looked absolutely bursting. She didn’t waste a moment and ran, yes, actually ran back to the bathroom.

The second and third girls in didn’t look to be in much better shape with number three keeping her hand not so inconspicuously right *next* to her crotch. Both quickly followed suit straight back to the bathroom to not so patiently await their turn.

I hadn’t paid much attention when they were getting off the bus, focusing mostly on the first girl. As the door swung open, I realized the fourth woman in likely wasn’t a student, at least 40 years old and with the air of a professor. She looked absolutely mortified and like she may wet herself at any moment.

How embarrassing! I felt for her, knowing how she felt having to go so badly, but also be a person of authority.

She too rushed back, maintaining her position of fourth in line, but least likely to be able to wait as she actively held herself now and was bent over.

Patricia returned to the counter. “Poor things,” I offered. “They look so terribly desperate.”

”It was a difficult last hour, certainly,” She replied, turning directly to me.

”Can I actually ask you something else?”

”Of course,” Wondering where she was going.

“I don’t think anyone in our group would say no to a bathroom break right now,” she started, pursing her lips. “Myself included.”

I could have peed…

*011*2023-03-06 01:49

I’m not a stranger to a full bladder.

Realistically, I find myself either crossing my legs, or unable to stop thinking about my need to go, or even wondering if I’ll actually be able to make it no less than once a week. Pretty much every week.

I wouldn’t say I enjoy it, but it’s not something I find particularly dreadful.

I’ve learned over the years though, that if I wait too long, I leak.

I have no idea what it feels like to everyone else.

But for me, it feels like I’m just starting to pee, like I can feel it almost coming out so I have to contract my muscles and pull back, and the feeling goes away, but a little comes out.

I can actually stay like this for a surprisingly long time. Not that it’s fun. And not that I’d want to do it too much in front of someone else. But it’s not terrible when you want to sleep just a little longer or you’re out in public and just don’t have access to a toilet at that moment, or when there’s a bus-full of nursing students in your parking lot all also needing to pee.

“Thank you for your honesty,” I answered Patricia.

I thought for a moment before continuing, “I think it’s equally only fair that I’m completely honest with you. I was just on my way about to go to the bathroom myself when you came in. It’s been a surprisingly busy morning and I haven’t had the chance to go, even though I’ve had to for some time now.”

”So, I completely and fully understand exactly how you’re feeling right now.”

”Oh!” Patricia exclaimed. “Well of course you should go. It is your bathroom after all.”

“No, no, I’m okay for now. I can wait,” I confessed, more confident in my words than my actual ability to wait for too much longer.

“What I’m saying is that bathroom back there - that’s it. I don’t have a second one. It’s small. There’s only one toilet in there. I don’t know how many students and staff you have on your bus and how badly anyone needs to go, but I would worry that it could be a long time for everyone to be able to use it.”

”That is an interesting point,” Patricia agreed. “We have myself, Professor Smith, who is last in line over there, 3 other professors and 54 total students.”

54 STUDENTS?!?! They’d be here all day and I could NOT wait that long. Going by these 4, neither could some of them.

“I… I’m sorry professor. I’m open to creative solutions, but I don’t think it’s possible for everyone to be able to use my bathroom before it starts taking too long,” I said softly. I was truly sorry. Going by how I felt, and how poor professor Smith looked as the first student finally emerged, allowing the second to rush in behind her, I could only imagine what everyone else on the bus was going through.

“Actually, I’d like to discuss with you some creative solutions,” she responded, once again to my surprise. “You were very open and honest with me and I appreciate it and I’d like to return the favor —- being completely transparent with you, I won’t make it to the city. And I don’t know if some of my students would either.”

For the first time in a few months, I felt myself leak.

*013*2023-03-07 02:34

When she said “creative solutions”, I didn’t really know what to expect. How creative could she be?

Much to my surprise, Patricia was full of creativity and problem solving.

“We have 10 male students,” She started when I asked her what she had in mind. “With your permission, of course, I’m sure we could easily enough find a tree for them to water.”

“Easy enough,” I agreed. “Lucky them.”

”Truly must be nice,” Patricia confirmed.

“There’s another 4 of my girls that I’m pretty concerned about,” she continued. “I think before much else, they should already come get in line.”

As if on cue, the second student exited the bathroom, allowing the third to barrel past her towards her own, much needed relief. This left just Professor Smith in line, seemingly barely hanging on as she grabbed at her crotch and bent over.

My left leg was slightly bent, allowing my right knee to find solace in the back of my left. This was far more effective at relieving some of the pressure my bladder was starting to endure than just crossing my legs.

“Perfect plan,” I answered Patricia, allowing her to go out and get her next four lucky (although only lucky because their bladders were so full the Professor felt bad for them) recipients of a place in line for my bathroom.

I gyrated my hips slightly, trying to find any additional vacation from the pressure when I felt how damp I actually was.

Fun fact about me - it’s been a while since I’ve really given much thought to any landscaping. To put it bluntly, I have a bush. Not like a “oh, I haven’t shaved in a while” kind of hairy. More like a “it pushes the front of my underwear out a little” kind of proper bush.

So as I shifted, I felt all the dampness from my leak all over down there. I can only assume it spread so much directly due to my bush. Interesting, really.

Less interesting, was the second leak, smaller this time, that I felt sneak it’s way out as Patricia returned with the next four students, all of whom immediately joined the dwindled queue behind Professor Smith.

“As for the bulk of the remaining students, I’m wondering if you have somewhere a bit private?”

Just as I was about to answer, the door opened, and a younger couple entered.

“Hi, um, is that the line for the bathroom?” The young woman asked, worry flowing through her words.

For the second time in as many moments, just as I was about to answer, I was cut off by a “gasp!” from the line.

And for the third time, I felt myself leak just a little more. With my legs still folded into each other, I felt this leak run straight into my underwear —- which were now formally and official wet.

*014*2023-03-08 01:13

The gasp, much to my surprise, hadn’t originated from Professor Smith, who was still somehow managing to hold on. My compliments to her ability to wait.

Rather, it was from the student directly behind her, one who had just gotten into line was bent over, both hands jammed deeply between her legs. “No, no, no, no,” She said lowly, probably mostly to herself.

The bathroom door opened, finally Professor Smith’s turn. Unfortunately for her, though, the girl directly behind her, the one was either leaking or losing control dashed in and slammed the door closed before poor Professor Smith could even begin moving towards her truly needed relief.

What was my little shop turning into?

I turned to the latest arrival, the woman not associated with the school, and said “Unfortunately, there’s bit of a line.”

”Oh,” she responded, sounding troubled by the news, but proceeding to take up post at the end of the line of now 3 students and Professor Smith.

Finally, turning back to Patricia, I was able to continue, “There’s a spot in back up against the shop where there’s concrete walls on both sides. So it’s protected from any possible view on 3 sides, and 100 miles of wilderness on the fourth. It’s a small area, maybe big enough for a half dozen at a time.”

”That sounds perfect!” Patricia chirped. “Certainly better than our current predicament.”

”There’s just one problem with it,” I regretfully began.

Just as I was about to explain my concern, the front door opened again and two women walked in - one about 19 or 20, the other maybe in her 50’s. Mother and daughter?

“Hi,” The older of the women started. “My daughter and I are on our way back to her college after vacation and well… We weren’t expecting such a long stretch of road like that and now she really needs to use the bathroom.”

Mother and daughter.

And college aged daughter so I was right with her age too. Go me!

”Mommm!” The daughter hissed. “You’re being embarrassing!”

She turned to Patricia and I and said, “She’s just over exaggerating. I barely even need to go. Actually, I don’t even have to go at all.”

Her slightly bent over at the waist posture and thighs that were pushed tightly together suggested this was a lie.

Not that I particularly cared. Between the problem I still had to explain to Patricia, poor Professor Smith, the growing line at my bathroom, and my own filled bladder and wet underwear, it honestly made no difference to me if this college girl was embarrassed.

“Oh sweetheart, it’s nothing to be embarrassed about. It’s perfectly normal. It was a long drive.” The mother consoled, before addressing Patricia and me. “I would like to use your bathroom, if it’s available. And my daughter will accompany me then since she apparently suddenly doesn’t have to go anymore even though she was the one who was just in the car begging me to stop here so she could go.”

”You’re welcome to it,” I offered, gesturing towards the back of the shop. “There’s unfortunately a bit of a line though.”

The daughter’s body language instantly shifted at the sight of the line, suggesting she suddenly wasn’t sure she could wait that long.

Despite this, she still defended to me, “Even if I had to go, which I don’t, I could totally hold it.”

Sure. Whatever.

Her declaration didn’t stop her from hurrying to take her place at the back of the line, her mother in tow. I suspected the mother was truthful when she said she needed to go as well.

”So about this problem?” Patricia circled back at the same moment my bladder gave it’ first throb. I felt a ripple tear across my lower abdomen, and felt just how much volume of liquid I was holding on to for the first time, causing me to bend over slightly further and take a sharp, shallow breath in.

“Two problems.”

*015*2023-03-09 00:44

“Let’s focus on one problem at a time,” Patricia instructed. “No sense in rushing one problem to fix another.”

Easy for her to say when my bladder was the second problem.

“Sure,” I conceded, interested in at least getting something moving forward.

“We agreed the male students would water my tree, and the remaining female students could use a mostly secluded area in the back of the shop and they could go a half dozen or so at a time,” I recapped.

“That all sounds correct,” Patricia confirmed.

“Well… My tree, the only tree anywhere near the shop here… It’s literally right in front of that secluded spot.”

”Oh,” Patricia paused. “That is a bit of a problem.”

Obviously.

“So then my question becomes - Do you favor all of the male or some of the female students to go out there first?” I asked.

“Do you have anywhere else secluded?” She asked.

“Nowhere else that’s not visible to the road in at least some capacity,” I unfortunately confirmed.

“Okay,” Patricia started. “Let me think on that for a second. “What’s your second problem?”

I was about to explain my own, worsening situation when I was interrupted by a commotion coming from by the bathroom.

“No!!” We heard being yelled out by the student currently in the bathroom.

The girl, only the fourth to be granted access to the bathroom since the bus arrived, continued yelling, “I’m not coming out until Deana brings my change of clothes in!”

The notification of yet another delay caused each of the women in line to stiffen up a little more.

3 problems.

*016*2023-03-09 02:05

“Excuse me,” The single woman who had arrived shortly before the mother and daughter had gotten out of line and come up to Patricia and myself.

The mother and daughter both gladly moved up one spot. The daughter definitely had to go worse based on her body language, though she’d absolutely still deny it.

“I don’t mean to eavesdrop,” She continued. “But I heard you mention the possibility that you’re okay with people relieving themselves out back behind this shop?”

”I am most certainly NOT okay with strangers taking a pee anywhere near my shop other than in my bathroom,” I started.

The woman looked terrified, like I had just sealed her fate of not being able to hold it. We both knew she had given up her spot in line. And we both knew the mother and definitely the daughter (though she’d find some way of twisting it to pretend her bladder wasn’t full) wouldn’t let her back in front of them.

“However,” I continued, as she looked up with a gleam of hope. “This is an unusual circumstance and I’m willing to make some concessions.”

She breathed deeply before asking, “Would you be agreeable to allowing me to go out there? I… I honestly can’t wait much longer.”

You and me both. I just hadn’t admitted it out loud yet.

I sighed. “Sure.”

She would’ve jumped for joy had she not been concerned about losing control.

“Follow me,” I offered, turning toward my back room and back door.

“Actually,” I paused for a moment. “Patricia, you should come with us as well so you can see exactly what it all looks like back there and what I meant about our first problem.”

”Perfect.” She agreed and fell into step behind the young woman who was nipping at my heels in anticipation.

I wasn’t completely comfortable with this. Not so much with allowing people to pee in my yard. I certainly had on many occasions.

The whole reason I found myself having to go so bad and with wet underwear was that I didn’t want to leave the main store area alone. Not even for a bathroom break.

Yet here I was, leaving the store area for someone else to pee. It felt so backwards.

Though I suppose I’d hear if there was any commotion. It wasn’t like I was going to be preoccupied with peeing (oh, how I wish I were though). Plus there was now enough people in there - though they were in no shape to intervene with a thief - and a bus out front. I probably didn’t have too much to worry about.

Stepping outside, back into the sweltering midday heat shocked me for a moment, causing another leak. This one was a little bigger. How much could my underwear take before I had to start worrying about these leaks becoming visible?

The striking step into pure heat must have had a similar effect on the young woman as she bolted passed me. Sure enough, she found the area I had described and had her shorts and dark green underwear down midway through her last stride.

Three quarters through her last stride, just before leaning up against the back wall, a strong, though non-uniform stream was already pouring out of her, splashing all over her legs, shorts, underwear, feet and ground in a desperation-fueled wet mess.

She finally leaned her back against the wall and half sat, half squatted, hidden to all by Patricia, myself, my tree, and a great expanse of empty land.

She was then releasing a proper, formed stream, jetting out in front of her between her legs and beneath her shorts and underwear pulled halfway down her thighs.

The sight of her release. The sound of her stream. Her low moan of relief….

My own bladder contracted in desire.

I started to unbutton my jeans to join this woman when Patricia’s hand rested atop my own, stopping my actions.

“What are you doing?” She asked.

“I’m about to fix the second problem,” I replied hastily. “I really have to go.”

”If you’ll recall, as do I,” She responded. “But my first priority is my students. If it comes down to them not making it, or myself losing control, it’s an easy decision.”

Ughhhhh

”You’re right.” I resentfully agreed, leaving my jeans buttoned and unfortunately still on.

“Let’s start getting everyone their relief,” I continued.

”However, I’m going to have to make a pit stop in my office before we get too far into that project.”

Patricia looked at me quizzically.

She fully understood as I uncrossed my legs, showing her the wet crotch area of my jeans.

I still desperately needed to go, but as it turned out, my underwear had given up the fight on containing my leaks.

*018*2023-03-10 00:43

Patricia and I were at the the door to head back inside when, “Oh! Wait a second. Can I ask one more thing?” Came from the young woman behind us.

Her stream still visible, though with a fair bit less pressure now made it difficult to focus, given my own desire to rip my jeans down and join her. “Yes?”

”Um. Do you actually have anything I could wipe with?” She asked timidly, clearly embarrassed.

“Absolutely not,” I responded. “All this nature and unspoiled land around us. I won’t support soiling it with anything more than what the human body is naturally producing.”

”Sorry, but you’re going to have to drip dry,” I continued to her shocked and annoyed look.

“That goes for everyone,” I turned to Patricia. “I’ve been and will continue to be flexible and accommodating. But as soon as anything other than some warm water is left behind out here, I simply can’t allow this to continue.”

Patricia didn’t respond as she followed me back inside to the relief of the cool air. I assume she was contemplating how to present this revelation of no TP to a bunch of 20-something year old women.

Through the small back room and into the main storeroom once again, I was glad I had no new patrons and everything still appeared in order.

Poor Professor Smith was still holding on with everything she could muster as the next in line. The student in the bathroom STILL hadn’t come out. The remaining three students in line all seemed in about the same condition.

And the mother and daughter bringing up the rear of the line… Well, the mother seemed okay. She had to go, but it was really only noticeable because I was already aware of the situation. Normally, I probably wouldn’t have picked up on it.

The daughter, on the other hand was clearly running out of time. Despite her earlier claims she didn’t need to go, her current body language and posture completely refuted that.

I turned to head into my office and offered to Patricia, “You’re welcome to join me and we can iron a few last details out - though I’m going to be changing into some dry underwear.”

My expectations were that I was just being a bit of an arse and of course she would decline.

“I’ll follow you,” she gestured to my office.

Weird. But whatever.

*019*2023-03-10 01:58

“Just so we’re clear,” Patricia started the moment the door to my office closed. “I really need to relieve myself,” Her hand now planted deep and firmly between her legs. “But I can’t be weak in front of the students. I’m the authority figure.”

”There’s nothing weak about needing to pee,” I consoled. “Last time I checked, it was a pretty natural thing.”

I dug out the spare shorts and underwear (gym short shorts and somewhat unflattering black panties) from bottom drawer of my desk. A little wrinkled, but they’d work.

Patricia was already facing somewhat away from me, lost in her world of wishing she was sitting in a toilet so I went ahead and unbuttoned, unzipped, and pulled everything down in one pull.

My bladder, unfortunately, took this to mean it was time to pee. I understand why. I’m in a small room, filled bladder, pulled down pants and underwear… It’s basically subconsciously hard wired.

However, it was not, in fact, time to pee. Far (unfortunately) from.

I had to hold my naked self, through my damp bush and really try to physically hold my bladder in.

It took a minute, but my bladder finally calmed down a little, releasing just enough to wet my hand to the point of a few drops ran across my fingers as I pulled my hand away.

I pulled on the new underwear up to just above my knees, and dug back through my bottom drawer, retrieving half a pack of pads. Being female had a few small perks.

I pulled one out, opened it up and stuck it to the crotch of my panties. When I looked up Patricia was staring at me.

“That… is a phenomenal idea!” She scared me when she started, but then surprised me. “Would you be willing to share one for an old professor in need?”

I smiled and motioned for her to help herself.

She didn’t need a second invitation, immediately reaching to grab one.

She wasted no time in opening it up and pulling her own pants down to mid-thigh, revealing…

Patricia! I was not expecting the view of her completely cleanly shaven.

The old professor still had a few surprises.

She pulled her pants back up as I pulled my shorts on.

Patricia sighed. “I still have to pee so bad, but a little safety net never hurt. Thank you.”

She looked at me, “Also, just so you know, your… genital hair… sticks out of your shorts when you wear them so short.

A compliment and… we’ll call it a friendly observation. Not too bad.

Sure enough, a few of my longer and curlier hairs were poking out of my underwear, visible around the inner legs of my shorts. Oh well. I had bigger problems.

One such problem found it’s way to me the second we opened the office door. She must’ve been waiting and watching for the exact moment.

The mother of the daughter who so obviously desperately needed to pee but refused to admit it came hastily over.

“Hi again,” She started, clearly attempting to be extra sweet before asking whatever she was going to ask.

Honey and vinegar and whatever that saying was. I couldn’t remember. Funny how your memory fails when your bladder fills.

“I know there’s something going on with the woman who’s been in the bathroom for some time now and we’re pretty far back in line,” She began her pitch.

“And my daughter really does need to go quite badly,” She continued. “I saw you take that other woman somewhere else to relieve herself and was wondering if it was possible to take my daughter and I there as well in lieu of continuing to wait in line?”

I shrugged. “Sure.”

”Oh wonderful,” She chirped. “Samantha… Samantha! Come here.”

The daughter, Samantha, looked both desperate and embarrassed beyond belief as she left her place in line and joined her mother’s side.

“Samantha, hold on just a little longer, okay. We’re going to follow this lovely woman here and find you someplace to pee finally.”

”Mom… That’s so embarrassing,” Samantha started. ”I told you, I’m literally fine.”

”Samantha! Don’t be ridiculous,” Her mother scolded. “You’re literally holding yourself. I’m worried about about you.”

Samantha sighed. “I… suppose I wouldn’t say no going to the bathroom right now.” She finally conceded.

I idly wondered what they would say when we arrived at my semi-secluded spur of the moment outside bathroom.

Without toilet paper, of course.

*023*2023-03-11 13:37

Before we even made it into the back room to head outside for Samantha (who FINALLY! admitted she might potentially have to pee) and her mother to relieve themselves, the front door opened once again.

This time though, Patricia knew them - a middle aged brunette.

“Professor Brown?” Patricia started, concerned about the reason why the professor had come in from the bus. “What’s wrong?”

Professor Brown crossed the shop floor so she was close to Patricia and I; Samantha and her mother just a pace or two away.

Professor Brown leaned in and lowly said “Professor, Deana had an accident.”

Deana… Deana…. Where had I heard that name recently?

She was the student that was supposed to bring the change of clothes to the student who had barricaded herself in my bathroom for entirely too long!

No wonder she wasn’t bringing in the new clothes - sounds like she was unfortunately wetting her own.

*024*2023-03-12 01:14

“We should probably bring her in,” Patricia replied. “Get her cleaned up.”

”You should deal with this,” I offered Patricia.

“I’ll go out back with them,” I continued, referencing Samantha and her mother.

I was hoping Patricia heard this as accompanying them. I meant it as being able to “go” in the sense of FINALLY peeing!!

A lot had happened in the very short time since I had changed and put on a pad, but as I stood there and thought about it, the pad already felt a bit damp. Clearly I was still leaking.

Granted, pads weren’t meant to pee into. But I still felt better with the minimal protection it offered. At least my underwear remained dry. For now.

“Good plan,” Patricia agreed, hurrying away with Professor Brown towards the bus as I turned and continued to the back room and back outside.

The heat was still relentless. It was almost enough to make me feel thirsty, though there wasn’t a chance any more water was going in until I let some water out.

I hurriedly paced over to the secluded area, absolutely excited about being this close to peeing.

The problem with being so close is that your body senses it and makes you need to go even worse. The throbbing amplifies. The leaks worsen. The heart rate quickens.

3 steps away - I brought my hands to my waist.

2 steps away - I slipped my thumbs inside the waist of my shorts and underwear. Samantha and her mother would get the idea on their own. I shouldn’t need to explain anything.

1 step away - I slid them down just an inch or two, ready to slide them all the way down in just 1 more split seconddd…

”What are you doing here?” I asked, completely shocked and frozen, forgetting to pull my shorts down, I felt a huge leak. My pad was full. My safety net was gone. My bladder contracted and I had to hold myself standing there.

