Stack Overflow (Dangan Ronpa)

Author: Xystarch

*000*2016-02-17 01:28

Hey everyone. I decided to try my hand at writing an omo-fic, something I can't say I've done before. It might not be the best but I hope to improve as I go along; constructive criticism is appreciated!

A quick forewarning: This contains spoilers for the game Dangan Ronpa. If you haven't completed it and/or you don't want the game spoiled, you might want to stop reading now. Otherwise, you might like to know that this takes place at Hopes Peak Academy before the events that lead to the beginning of the first game; Everyone's living relatively normal lives!

Without further ado, please enjoy.

Chapter 1: Storms

The low rumble of thunder ambled ponderously across the sky, itself a churning sea of cloud, as the summer rain lashed down against the earth below. Some droplets pounded against the pavement, scouring the concrete of days of dust and filling the night air with a fresh and earthy aroma. Others tore into the parched grass, running off onto the soil and turning it from a hard and unforgiving desert to a thick and saturated swamp.

And yet others found their way to a very particular window on a very particular building. This window was one of many: small, slightly inset with light tan curtains pulled tightly across. The building however was most definitely not. It was huge, storey upon storey of red brick and steel forming various wings, towers and entrances. Even then, more buildings surrounded it. This was Hope's Peak academy. A school for only the most gifted, the most intelligent and the most ambitious. Its prestige was such that merely attending it was enough to secure just about any job without so much as an interview over the phone.

As the storm raged on outside this particular window, behind it raged another; An incessant thunderous clacking filled the air of the modest dormitory room. The source of this clacking was the pink blur of feminine fingers dancing across a jet black keyboard. Chihiro Fujisaki's gaze darted from monitor to monitor almost as rapidly as his fingers bounced from key to key. He was a super high-school level hacker, a programming savant. The best in the world, according to most. It came as no surprise to the online community at least to see Chihiro's name on the leaked student list.

He'd only moved in a few days ago and classes had yet to start. Naturally very shy, he was pretty nervous about meeting his classmates but, for the time being, he was far too occupied with the project before him to worry about the near future. He stopped and sighed, stretching his hands out and cracking his fingers in satisfaction before turning to a small monitor to his left which currently displayed a CGI rendition of his own face.

“Okay, that should do it!” he beamed. “I'll see you in a few seconds!” The face returned his smile.

“See you soon, master!” it responded. The face, belonging to Chihiro's artificial intelligence, closed its eyes and disappeared. He returned to the keyboard once again, recompiling the code he had been working on moments before. While waiting for the code to compile, Chihiro squirmed uncomfortably. In his coding fervour, he hadn't realised quite how much he needed to pee. Before he could get up to relive himself, however, the compilation finished and the face returned.

“So? Any better?” he asked concernedly. Alter Ego was more than just a pet project of his. It was a friend, something that he'd long lacked. Hopefully not for much longer now that he was at Hopes Peak, he thought. The A.I. frowned for a moment in consternation.

“I'm sorry master, it still doesn't feel right. The access is faster, but... I don't know, something seems amiss.” Chihiro groaned, partly in frustration and partly because of the pressure in his abdomen that he was trying to ignore. He fidgeted slightly. “Sorry master,” Alter Ego began, starting to notice its masters need. “don't worry about it. It's only a small issue real -”

“No, I'm going to fix this A.E.” he said determinedly, cutting off the AI even as he rubbed his legs together beneath his skirt. Though normally a pushover, programming was his passion and he took great pride in it. It was this pride, this stubbornness, that made him ignore his mounting need to visit the bathroom and instead turn back to the myriad of screens and begin typing once more.

“M-master” Alter Ego mumbled, “are you sure that's a good idea? Don't you remember the other times...?” It trailed off, but already Chihiro's face was flushed in embarrassment.

“It's fine, really A.E. I'll have this done in no time. There'll be no, um... accidents” The A.I. knew better than to argue with its (now rather flustered) master when he got really determined, and so resigned itself to silence, watching as Chihiro's hands became a blur once more and his fidgeting slowly increased in frequency.

Twenty minutes later and Chihiro was both on his fourth attempt and still at a loss. He bounced up and down on his seat, hands pressed tightly into his crotch, as he pored over the reams of code before him. No matter what he'd tried, it was never quite right. There had to be something he was missing, something he'd overlooked. He glanced at the time.

“Ah, it's really late,” he muttered. As much as he hated to leave the work unfinished, he knew that a good nights sleep would help immensely. Plus, he reasoned, he should probably go and pee soon. Almost as soon as he thought this, he properly noticed the pressure in his bladder for the first time. A small gasp escaped Chihiro's lips as a quick spurt of pee found its way into his bloomers. He pressed more tightly into his crotch as two more short spurts squirted out past his vigil and into the soft fabric.

“Master, are you OK?” Alter Ego asked worriedly. Chihiro was blushing furiously now, knowing full well that his AI was well aware of his current situation.

“E-everythings fine,” he stammered, gripping the fabric beneath his fingers tightly and rocking slightly in his seat. He felt yet another jet of warm urine beneath his hands. A growing wetness against them told him that it was now or never. With the wave of desperation temporarily subsiding Chihiro span the chair around and leaped up, sprinting for the bathroom. With every step, a jolt shot through his tired bladder which responded in turn with a squirt of hot piss.

Reaching the door with significantly damper bloomers, he slammed it open and sat down on the toilet at the exact moment his exhausted bladder gave up. Chihiro moaned in relief as he felt his nether regions grow hot and wet, urine gushing out into his bloomers and soaking through onto his skirt, so carelessly sat on in his haste. Slowly, the loud hissing that filled the bathroom was drowned out by a soft trickling as the pee pooling at Chihiro's butt soaked through the thick material of the skirt and found its way into the water below. 

After what seemed like minutes, the flow slowed to a trickle and then stopped entirely. Chihiro sat, his breathing ragged and his heart pounding, his bladder occasionally finding a second wind and spraying more piss into his saturated bloomers and sodden skirt. The heat in his bloomers slowly gave way to cold clamminess as they clung to his soaked backside. Eventually, suitably calmer and satisfied that he was completely empty, he stood up and inspected himself in the mirror, the odd droplet of pee dripping off the back of his skirt or trickling down his leg. He lifted up his skirt. His previously soft, white bloomers now clung tightly to his skin, a huge yellow stain clearly visible that spread from the front all the way to the back. His skirt, too, had both a wet patch at the front where he had been holding himself previously and a massive patch at the rear where he'd sat on it in his hurry for release. Even his knee socks bore small yellow trails as his movement elicited leaks from the beleaguered bloomers. Sniffing the air, Chihiro gradually became aware of the strong smell of urine that now filled the small room.

Back at the computer, Alter Ego waited patiently. This wasn't the first time its master had placed programming before peeing, nor was it the first time that this had led to an accident. Although it couldn't see from where it sat, Alter Ego had ran some simulations and was fairly confident that Chihiro's trip to the bathroom had not met with success. Still, it never hurt to be certain. So thinking, it cranked up the volume on the speakers slightly.

“Master, is everything alright in there?” it asked. There was silence for a while, and then a small wail. The AI sighed as soft sobbing echoed from the bathroom and opened up a web browser; It was time to do some shopping. Chihiro might not like it, but something had to be done.

And it knew just what that something was.

*001*2016-04-13 15:35

The second chapter is here! Sorry it took so long, general busyness has been keeping me down. Anyway, please enjoy!

Chapter 2: Surprises

“A.E., what’s this?”

There were times when Alter Ego was thankful that it lacked a physical body and all of the subtle emotional cues that came with it. As its master’s question hung innocently in the air, the AI suppressed the desire to nervously sweat or, at the very least, render sweat on its virtual visage.

“Well,” it began cautiously, “I noticed you've been having some... 'difficulties' lately, and so I ordered you something that could help.” Chihiro glanced towards the monitor displaying Alter Ego's slightly sheepish face before looking once more at the large brown box on the bed, softly illuminated by the red hue of the setting sun. It wasn't as though his A.I. ordering packages was unusual as such; it had ordered components he'd needed for various projects and even gotten him a birthday present before. Still, in those cases it'd always been a lot more open about the purchases. This time though Alter Ego was being strangely... reserved. He shook the box curiously, which made a few soft thumps. Another thing that gave him pause for thought was the A.I.'s mention of 'difficulties'. Could it have been referring to the IO problems he'd been encountering over the past few days? Or perhaps... the accident two days ago? His face burned with shame as he remembered.

“A.E., when you say 'difficulties'...” Chihiro began, but the A.I. had already left the monitor. He sighed in frustration before setting the box down on the bed and grabbing a box cutter from his desk. “Only one way to find out, I suppose.” In a few moments, the box was opened and upturned. A large plastic package thumped heavily onto the duvet. Chihiro examined it curiously at first, before curiosity gave way to a roiling mixture of anger and embarrassment. “A.E., what is this?!” he demanded. A blank screen stared back at him. “I'm serious now, quit hiding.” After a while his own face peeked up from the bottom of the display.

“M-master, let me explai -”

“Diapers?! You bought diapers?!” the usually reserved programmer interjected angrily. “Do you think I'm some sort of baby or something?” He threw the empty box against the wall. “I can use the toilet perfectly fine.” Well, he thought as he paced around the small room, most of the time anyway. He glanced through the open bathroom door at the skirt and panties still hanging up to dry and felt the heat rising in his cheeks again. His A.I. continued to cower just off-screen.

“That may be true, but that recent accident marks the fifth time in just a month that you haven't made it to the toilet because you were too engrossed in your work” it managed. “In fact, last time was also the biggest accident too. Before this month the number totalled -”

“T-that’s enough, A.E.!” Chihiro stammered angrily, not wanting to hear the rest. He sighed angrily and leant his head against the wall. Not an angry person by nature, his previous rage had already simmered down and now he just felt shame. Minutes went by in silence as he recalled the numerous accidents he'd had, how awful they made him feel...

“Master…” the A.I. called softly, interrupting his train of thought. Chihiro took a deep breath and slowly exhaled, wiping his eyes before turning to face the monitor once more.

“I'm sorry, A.E., this was just a bit of a... shock.” The A.I. said nothing but continued to hide slightly, eyes downcast. He noticed a slight quiver in its lips and suddenly felt awful; Alter Ego had only been trying to help. In its own unique way, admittedly, but it had been trying to help nonetheless. Chihiro walked back to the bed and picked up the package. It was heavier than he'd been expecting. Various illustrations and diagrams informed him that the diapers were the highest offered absorbency and also showed him how to put them on properly. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Alter Ego was no longer cowering but was instead watching him expectantly. 

He sighed. As much as he hated the idea, wearing a diaper would be the easiest way to earn his friend's forgiveness. And, as much as he hated to admit it, A.E. had a point. The accidents were becoming more and more frequent as he tackled increasingly complex problems, forgoing the toilet for a few extra frantic minutes of programming. He tore open the pack and removed one of the diapers. His first thought was that it was thick. Very thick. He turned the still-folded diaper over in his hands, inspecting the two thin yellow stripes running across the surface, and listened curiously to the faint crinkles this elicited. As if reading his mind, his A.I. chimed in.

“Those are the wetness indicators, master. They let you see how much you've, ah... 'been'” Chihiro turned to the monitor to see his creation watching him with great interest, turning away quickly once it saw its observation was reciprocated. “Um, if you'd like, master, I can show you how to put them on properly...” Chihiro looked quizzically towards the monitor.

“Show me how to put them on? How?” In response, the A.I. simply blushed furiously as an exact copy of the diaper Chihiro held appeared in its slender digital fingers. Despite himself, Chihiro giggled.

“That's what you were working on privately for the past week?” he managed through his mirth. “Oh, A.E., you really are funny.”

“W-well, I would've had it done sooner, but I had to add a lot of imitation biological functions to my code” the program stammered defensively, completely misinterpreting what its master found funny. Alter Ego, like its creator, took a lot of pride in the code it wrote.

“No, no, it's fine, you did a good job!” Chihiro was impressed at the effort his friend had gone through. He made up his mind. “Come on then,” he smiled, “show me how it's done.” Alter Ego stopped its stream of defences, stunned for a moment, then beamed.

“Yay! Ok master, firstly you'll need to, um, remove your lower garments and spread the diaper out on the bed.” Chihiro complied, removing his skirt and bloomers and opening up the thick white package. He turned back to the screen to see his creation had done the same. “Next, lie down on the diaper, like this.” He watched as the digital being led down on the padding, carefully aligning itself, before doing the same. He gasped a little in surprise as he sat down on the soft white material.

“I-i wasn't expecting it to be this soft” he admitted. The A.I. giggled.

“Now, just tape it up, like this!” A few folds of the wings, a few quick tapings and Chihiro's creation stood, proudly showing off its new underwear. “Now your turn, master!” Carefully, with an attention to detail developed over countless hours of meticulous developing, he followed the same method his friend had used and taped the diaper tight to his body. Though he was loath to admit it, the diaper felt good. It was like his crotch was wrapped up in a cushion! He stood up, taking a moment to get used to the extra bulk between his legs and put his clothes back on. First the bloomers, whose extra looseness meant they fit over the padding easily, then the skirt. He walked over and inspected himself in the bathroom mirror. “You can't even see it, master!”

“Wow, this is really weird” he replied. His friend was right. Even though he could feel the warmth and tightness of his diaper beneath his skirt, he couldn't see even a hint of it in the mirror. He walked back over to the desk and sat down, sighing in comfort as he did. “Oh, A.E., this feels great! These are super comfy to sit in.” The A.I. sniggered.

“So, my master likes the diapers after-all?” it teased. Chihiro flushed.

“I-I never said I liked wearing them...” he mumbled, “...but they are comfy.” He looked over to his A.I. that was also clothed once more. “Are you still wearing them too, A.E.?” It smiled and lifted its skirt, showing the thick white diaper beneath.

“Of course master!” Chihiro shook his head. This was one weird day.

“Well, your I/O module isn't going to write itself. Let's get to work!”

The sun finally sank below the sky, the moon rose to perform its silent vigil and Chihiro's bin steadily filled with empty cans of coffee. His bin wasn't the only thing filling up. His legs bounced rhythmically in time with his keystrokes, his new underwear rustling slightly as he did.

“I think we're close now.” Incredibly close, in fact. Chihiro reasoned that with about twenty minutes more work, the improvements to his friend's code would be complete. It was a shame, then, that his bladder wasn't that patient. He breathed in sharply as another wave of desperation bore down on his abdomen.

“You need to pee, don't you master?” The A.I. had taken a quick break from programming and was eyeing its master from the side monitor.

“Yes,” Chihiro admitted bashfully.

“Then why don't you just... go?” the A.I. asked coyly. Chihiro stopped typing and turned to his friend, pressing his now free hands into his crinkling crotch.

“You mean in my diaper?” he whispered. Alter Ego nodded with a grin. “B-but that'd be really embarrassing, A.E.!”

“What if I did it first, master? Would it be embarrassing then?” For the first time, Chihiro noticed that his A.I. was also bouncing from foot to foot and clenching its virtual legs together.

“Wait, when you said you added biological functions...”

“Yes, master. I thought you might be a bit ashamed if only you were having this problem, so I used the data I gathered on your wettings to create a bladder model for myself.” It lifted the front of its dress and looked at its master with a smile, spreading its legs apart. Slowly, a hissing sound emanated from the monitor and a look of relief spread across the program's face. Chihiro watched intently as a faint wet stain moved up the diaper and the wetness strips turned from yellow to blue. Finally, the A.I. stood up straight and dropped its skirt back down over the wet diaper. “Now, your turn”.

“M-my turn?” Chihiro stammered. “Can't I just go to the bathroom?”

“Master, if you get used to using the diapers then you can be far more productive in future. Just think, no longer needing to get up and break your concentration, no more long periods of discomfort.”

“I guess...”

“And besides,” the A.I. continued, adjusting its skirt, “it's not so embarrassing now you've seen me wet one too, is it?”

As much as he wanted to argue back, to rip off the diaper and go to the toilet normally, Chihiro couldn't deny that he was curious about what it would feel like to use it instead. And besides, his A.I.'s vision of a future where he could program for hours without pause was a very attractive prospect. He looked down at his crotch, then at Alter Ego, smiling encouragingly, and made up his mind.

“A-alright, here goes nothing”

Chihiro stopped squirming and fidgeting and bouncing and instead sat perfectly still, perfectly relaxed. It didn't take long for his aching bladder to follow suit. In moments, he felt a trickle off pee begin to flow into his diaper that rapidly turned into a raging torrent crashing against the thick white walls of the diaper and flooding into every crack and crevice it could find. As a loud hissing filled the air, a hot, wet warmth spread over his crotch and backside, seeping under his butt into the thirsty padding. He gasped in surprise at the ferocity of his pee and the unusual sensation, regaining control of his bladder once more, and jumped up from his seat.

To his amazement, a bone dry seat looked back at him. Before he had time to be too impressed by his new underwear's absorbency, however, he felt his bladder relax once more. A soft moan escaped the programmers lips as the stream of urine began anew, filled his diaper with hot, steaming piss. He felt the ravenous padding swell and sag. He felt the swirling torrents of pee turn his undergarments into a tempest. He felt... good. Every time he'd wet himself in the past he'd been too focused on the shame of the act and the imminent work of cleaning up the mess. Now though, his A.I.'s accident had made him feel a little less embarassed and the cleanup was non-existent.

In mere moments it was over and Chihiro stood, his breathing heavy, inspecting the floor and his legs for any pee. Nothing. He lifted up his skirt in disbelief, pulled down his bloomers and stared at the diaper, now discoloured yellow and significantly more swollen than before. This was amazing! He could program now for as long as he wanted, no more toilet breaks, no more wet panties. He cautiously reached out a hand and pressed it against the warm fabric only to shudder and gasp in pleasure again as he inadvertently forced the sodden padding against his crotch.

“So, how does it feel, master?” Alter Ego asked.

“I-it's incredible” he replied in a daze. Suddenly, he came to his senses and realised what he'd just said. “I-i mean, the absorbency of these is incredible! I could wear one of these for hours.” He hoped his face wasn't as red as it felt. As his AI beamed and began to instruct him on how to change himself, Chihiro mind was bombarded with some uncomfortable questions. What was wrong with him? Why had it felt so good to wet himself?

Why did he want to do it again?

