Revenge is a dish best served...

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-09-15 17:40

So, it's been a while since I've posted something here. Work and all that, you know how it goes. Anyway, thought I'd post another story that, unlike my others, isn't a fanfiction (though these will remain the main focus of my stories). It's a bit longer then my usual stories too, and the focus could perhaps be more towards the omorashi, but I'm always trying new things, so yea...

I'd appreciate it if you would give your feedback on this story and tell me if you liked it or not. I'm as of yet unsure if there will be a sequel to it, but it's a definite possibility. As always, I hope you enjoy!

Warning: Contains violence towards women.

###

Revenge

Amy Farly walked into The Merry Duckling and was immediately struck by the heat of the place. It was the sort of bar that always seemed to be dank, dark and smokey and particularly hot, no matter what the weather was like outside. It reminded her of the bars you saw in movies where mobsters always hung out to discuss their next points of business, smoking cigars, drining wodkas and pulling waitresses onto their laps. She saw none of that at this bar, but she was still reminded of it. She had come to this place at the request of someone she thought she'd never see again. As she looked around the place for him, she didn't immediately spot him.

Maybe he hadn't gotten there yet, despite the fact that she was actually 10 minutes later then agreed upon. She decided to sit at a table close to a window and realized she shouldn't have bothered with a window seat as the window was so full of soot and smudge, she could barely see outside anyway. The bartender approached and took her order, as Amy checked her cell to see if she had any missed calls. Maybe he'd left a message that he couldn't make it. But nothing.

A few minutes passed and she got her ordered cup of coffee, but still no sign of him. The door swung open and Amy looked hopefull at the person entering, but it wasn't him either. A regular from the look of it. He walked through the door and headed straight for a seat at the bar as if he'd done it a thousand times before, which he probably had. He didn't even notice her and walked by her as if she were nothing more then a wisp of air to him. She supposed she shouldn't feel too bad, since he didn't look like the kind of guy that she wanted attention from anyway, but she couldn't help but feel a little insulted regardless. She may be a little on the heavy side, but she was attractive looking.

With her auburn hair, neatly cut to shoulderlength, pouty lips covered in bright, but tastefull red and big blue eyes, she had been the source of many headturns and whistles on the street. She decided to let him get away with what she considered incredibly rude behaviour however, because almost right behind him came the guy she was waiting for.

His name was Mark and he was one of her ex-boyfriends. He wasn't particularly goodlooking, but he did have that air of inteligence and confidence about him that would make many women sleep with him, despite his not so appealing looks. It didn't hurt that he had one of the most unique senses of humor she had ever seen in a man, either. Just seeing him brought back a whole flood of memories from their time together. The laughs, the tears, the joys and the heartbreaks. Most of their relation had been a good one, a happy one. Except for their break up. She had broken up with him and he'd taken it particularly hard. He had responded immediately and violently by throwing her out of his house and cutting off any and all communication with her. She cringed inwardly as she was reminded of why he had acted that way near the end of their relationship. It had been her fault.

But now, he seemed ready to make amends. He walked into the bar and noticed her almost immediately. He hadn't changed one bit. He still exuded that almost palpable air of confidence, bordering on cockiness and that bright look in his eyes that betrayed an intelligence of which she knew it exceeded hers by far. She had always envied him for his sharp and witty mind, a trait of his that made her feel slow and almost retarded at times. She knew she wasn't too bright, but she never considered herself to be dumb. Except when she was around him. She couldn't help it. It was just something about him that made her feel that way.

She quickly noticed he still had that boyish grin as well. That was the very thing that had drawn her to him initially. His boyish, somewhat clumsy grin. She knew it drove many other women his way too, but right now she was too glad to see him again to consider that fact for too long.

He slid down into the chair opposite hers and draped one arm over the chair's back while ordering a soft drink, all in one smooth motion. That was another thing about him that was his own. Everything he did was smooth and fluent. He never stopped to do anything. Everything he seemed to do was fluent, like a chain of events seemlessly following each other, with no pause inbetween his actions.

Her heart pounded rapidly in her chest as she realized it had been at least 3 years since she'd seen him. Since the ... incident. Would he be mad? Sad? Had he moved on already? Why had he called her here, to begin with?

So many question raced through her mind, but none of them left her lips. All she could do was stare at him and remember how great he had been to her, when they were still together. He had offered her everything she could possibly want in a man, except the one thing she craved the most. Stability. That had been the entire reason she had left him.

When his drink arrived, he paid for it and he finally opened the conversation in a very casual manner, much to her surprise. The way he talked, the way he acted, it seemed as if they'd met only days, weeks at the most, ago rather then the three years it had been. He questioned her about her job, her health, her family and she answered. He seemed so... unchanged. So charming and masculin. Despite her earlier intentions, Amy slowly, inexorably felt herself get drawn, almost sucked in to him. Closer and closer. She felt the feelings for her current boyfriend fade to shady grey as she was consumed by his presence. He seemed to fill the entire room with it. From her point of view, it seemed as if they were the only 2 people in the world. Despite her intentions to find out what he wanted from her, she found herself unable to question him on the subject. He lead the conversation and made sure to keep it light and friendly, and most importantly of all, away from their past.

She had always been drawn to him and had regarded the end of their relationship, or rather the way she had been forced to end it, as one of the biggest mistakes of her life. One of her biggest regrets.

As the conversation went on, she realized all over again that he was still everything she wanted in a man. He seemed almost too good to be true.

Time flew by faster then she realized and when she noticed him glancing at his watch, as if he had someplace else to be (with another girl!, she thought vidictively) she realized almost 2 hours had passed. He smiled and seemed to prepare to make his goodbyes and leave her hanging with all her questions. She still had no answers, but she was too hesitant to push him on the matter now. It would make her seem needy and clingy and she wanted him to think that she was happy now, with her fianceé, and that he didn't affect her that way anymore. But she didn't know how to say or act out these feelings. She wasn't suave like him. She was just... mundane. She had to prepare for an hour and a half to be found attractive and sexy for the other gender. To him, it just came naturally, no preparation required.

As she had expected, he picked up on her hesitant position and surprised her again, by asking her to step outside with him, so they could continue their conversation and maybe set another date to meet again. She quickly agreed and realized she had done so too quickly, in her eagerness to spend more time in his company, but she didn't care. As they stepped outside, she was about to pull over a cab, when he stopped her and jerked hiw thumb back, pointing at a dark alley which she knew lead to Main street, if you kept following it. She never used it though, as the alley was notorious for harboring drug addicts and the homeless. He explained that he just needed to be down that street, so there was no need to waste money on a cab. She hesitated again and look worryingly at they alley, which now seemed to loom over them ominously.

He just shrugged and made off for the alley, apparently perfectly willing to leeave her there and call a cab or whatever she wanted to do. She made the snap decision to follow him, as she had always done when they were still together too, another trait about him she both adored and hated. She never could say no to him, in the end, no matter how much her common sense screamed at her to snap out of it. She had to hurry, though, as he was already out of sight. The allay had plenty of twists and turns to it, so if she didn't hurry up she might lose him and she really didn't want to be have to make her way through by herself.

She broke into a jog down the alley and turned the first corner away from the busy streets of Jersey that harbored the working class people that knew better then to come here. No sooner had she turned the corner when two strong pair of hands violently shoved her against the wall. She opened her eyes in pure shock and terror, and was just about to scream when the second guy shoved something greasy into her open mouth and proceeded to duct tape it inside her mouth. Her rational mind told her that they had done this many times before.

She shook her head from side to side and tried to break free of their hold, but to no avail. Depsite their malnourished, skinny build and dirt caked clothes, they were stronger then she was. Much stronger. She panicked as she realized no one was going to find her here in time. At least, no one that would care to help her. She couldn't even ask them what they wanted!

The first guy grinned a toothless grin at her and she almost gagged at the stench of his breath. The other one, who was slightly cleaner and apparently also the smarter of the two, moved to the side abit to reveal a third figure that had been standing there all this time. She realized she had known he was there, hiding in the shadows somehow, but hadn't recognized him as another person. Or rather, hadn't wanted to recognize him as another person. Her eyes almost bulged out of their sockets when she saw sliding out of the shadows. What was he doing here? What was going on? And most importantly, what was going to happen to her?

Mark smiled a cold, emotionless smile directly at her and put something in the hands of one of the homeless guy. He quickly snatched it away from him and started counting the bills. Apparently content with the amount given, he nodded at Mark who nodded in response. He told the two vagrants to proceed according to plan. They nodded again. Amy had just enough time to wonder what plan they were talking about when one of them stomped her in the soft spot of her gut. Hard. Amy doubled over and fell to her knees, finally being released. She draped one arm over the painful spot and gagged for air, hindered by her...well, gag. She breathed through her nose as best she could, but it simply wasn't enough. If she couldn't breather more freely soon, she would pass out.

Almost as if reading her mind, Mark snatched the duct tape off her mouth in a cruel, painful way and Amy gasped in large amounts of air, thankfull for the fresh, revitalizing feeling. Just as she looked up to see what would happen next, both homeless guys dragged her back up and stomped her again. Softer, this time, but still enough to hurt her. She started wheezing for air, as stars danced across her field of view. One of them slapped her across the face, apparently to keep her awake, at least if the angry sounds, which she were sure were words in a different world, were any judge.

More sounds, coming from Mark this time, angrily ordering them not to hit the face. He wanted the face to remain intact. Amy had just enough time to wonder what else was gonna happen and how badly she would get hurt after this was all over, (surely, she was going to survive this, a part of her wondered) when they dragged her back to her feet. Still groggy from the beatdown and in too much pain to do much of anything, Amy weakly swung at one of them, though she couldn't tell which one through her blurred vision. She felt fingers move across her dress, and a splash of ice cold water hit her in the face. Mark told her he wanted her to remain concious for the grand finale.

She looked at him with a burning hatred, she looked at the guy who she had adored for 2 years and just recently fallen in love with all over again, with new eyes of contempt and hurt pride and considered spitting at him, but decided against, not wanting to make her situation even worse.

Mark stepped back and nodded at the apparent leader of the two vagrants, who must have been given order as to what to do earlier, because they moved wordlessly to proceed with the plan. Amy instinctively wanted to back, but had nowhere to go. Pretty soon their strong hands were all over her again, and though she managed to struggle a bit harder this time, she was still nowhere near a match for them. She wanted to fight, but the beatdown from earlier combined with her rather poor phyiscal form made her a poor fighter, even when in an adrenaline surged panicmode.

The homeless guys groped her everywhere, trying to get a firm grip on her, as she continued to fight them as best she could. It was a losing battle, however, and they quickly managed to subdue her. One of them kept her arms pinned and had her pinned against the wall, while the other moved his hands down the cleavage of her dress and violently ripped her thin cotton dress in half, exposing her olive green panties and light blue bra. He quickly removed her dress completely and she felt the chill of evening run up her spine, just as she realized they were apparently planning to rape her for their 'grand finale'.

Amy had never been more scared in her entire life. As she imagined herself lying on this dirty floor with one of the hobos invading her most private areas, she broke down in tears. She shook all over her body and quickly realized something else was amiss. She looked down and saw that, in her panic, she had lost control over her bladder and was wetting through her olive colored panties, down her slightly too big thighs and down her calfs. She gasped and tried to put a hand between her legs, but they were still being firmy held in place. She tried in vain to control the flow, but she just couldn't do it. She was too scared, too weak to do anything, so she just let it all go. What remained of her rational mind told her at least this way it'd be over faster.

Mark moved in closer and watched the growing stain on her panties with more interest every second. She noticed a huge bulge in his pants and she realized her wetting herself was turning this pervert on. She fought even harder to regain control, but didn't count on his moving a hand down the inside of her panties and yanking them down, exposing her bottom half completely. The embarassment of it all was too much for her and, without any control from her part, her bladder opened itself even wider, increasing the steady stream to a powerful jet, that now propelled itself forward, rather then just running down her legs.

She clenched her legs together to help stem the flow, but her legs were reopened. The crowd wanted to enjoy the show, she thought bitterly. One of the hobos unclasped her bra, but at this point in time she didn't even care anymore. She just couldn't be any embarassed or humiliated then she was right now. And then... and then Mark showed her his cellphone and the movie that was playing on it. The movie of her, and what had just happened to her.

He laughed cruelly and ordered to homeless guys to take her clothes and leave her like this. He told her she now had two choices for the end of his movie. She could either try to make her way to Main Street and look for help from 'decent' people or she could stay in the alley and take her chances the people that made their 'homes' here.

