Serenity's day out

Author: Xylar

*000*2012-07-12 15:08

Ok, on a request I received, I thought this story up. Takes place after the events of Duelist Kingdom, and right before the events of Battle City. It was actually fun to write but doesn't include too much of the Yu-Gi-Oh universe elements, because I'm a bit rusty on them.

I thought I'd try to explore a bit more of psychological trauma in this one. Maybe that didn't really work out all that well, but tell me what you think anyway

###

The city's bustling sights and sounds overwhelmed Serenity. It was a warm sunny summer afternoon and she was having the time of her life. It was warm enough to walk around in summer clothing, but not so hot that it made people lethargic. Just the right temperature for a day out. Which is exactly what most people were doing. Serenity wasn't supposed to be one of those people, but this day was too beautiful to just pass it by. She wore her favourite pink T-shirt, faded blue denim shorts, with a white belt (her shorts were technically a size too big and always slid over her hips, but her mom assured her she'd grow into them) and sneakers. In her hurry, she'd forgotten her sunglasses, but she didn't mind too much. If her mother or brother had their way, she'd be cooped up at home, watching other people having fun.

She loved her relatives dearly, but sometimes their overprotectiveness of her got tiresome. It was true that she had gone through major surgery just a few months ago, but she had fully recovered from that by now. Well, aside from a few minor aspects. It was certainly true that she had a frail physique and that she was more fragile then most other girls, but that was no reason to keep her locked up all the time. Her health may not be the best, but she was fairly normal, all things considered.

Joey had left to hang out with his friends and her mother had demanded she'd stay home, but Serenity had snuck out and was planning to make the most of this beautiful, sunny day.

She had taken a bit of cash with her and although she wished she could have been with friends, she didn't trust most of them to not tell Joey about it, who would ofcourse in turn tell their mother.

As Serenity was wandering aimlessly through town, wondering what to do for fun, she noticed a sign as if in response to her call. It was a bright colourful billboard advertising the latest movie about the incredibly popular cardgame that was the current hype.

Cardmaster III. She'd been wanting to see that one for months now. But she hadn't been allowed to, ofcourse. Her mom claimed it was 'not the right movie for girls like her'. Hmph, well, this was her day now and she could do as she pleased. If she wanted to see Cardmaster III, then nothing was stopping her.

Serenity smiled at the billboard and finished the last bit of her bottle of orange juice, as she made her way to the movie theater. Once there, she realized she didn't want to go alone. For a moment she stood about wondering who to call, but she smiled again and quickly made up her mind. Who else?

Ofcourse, she couldn't call Yugi or Tea or any of her regular friends. But she could call Sai.

He was about 2 years older then her and attended the same school, but didn't hang out with Yugi or his gang. As a matter of fact, he didn't really hang out with anyone. He was usually by himself.

That is, unless he was with her. Or to be more specific, unless she was with him. He never approached her, but when she was at school, she frequently approached him.

She enjoyed his company for a variety of reasons. First of all, he never asked her about her health in that overly concerned way most people did. Second of all, despite his lone nature, he was witty and charming. And, although she would sooner die then admit this to anyone, she had harbored the biggest crush on him for the past year or so.

She called him up and invited him over, half expecting him to say he was too busy doing something else to resond to such a sudden invitation, but he agreed to come.

The movie wasn't due to play for another hour, and he lived about 15 minutes away from the theater, but rather then waiting for him there, she decided the meet him halfway.

30 minutes later...

Serenity and Sai sat waiting in the lounge for the previous run of the movie to finish, chatting about day to day affairs in their lives. Pretty soon after, the first moviegoers were starting to leave and the ushers were accepting the new customers tickets now.

As they took their seats, waiting for the movie to start Serenity felt blissed. This whole thing was a very good idea, she thought. She was having a blast.

But that quickly ended. About halfway through the movie, out of nowhere Serenity gasped as she felt her bladder send a sudden urge through her body, demanding to be emptied. This was one of the small side effects that had been bothering her ever since the surgery. Instead of feeling her bladder raise the pressure gradually, it always came suddenly and without warning. A secondary effect was that she was never able to hold it for very long. Serenity shifted uncomfortably on her chair and was thankfull for the fact that soon there would be a break, in which she could use the facilities here.

And with that thought, the movie paused and the lights were turned back on. Serenity quickly rose from her chair and quickly paced towards the bathrooms. It wasn't so urgent that she was desperate, but she wanted to be among the first there, if only because she knew that it wouldn't last long before she did get desperate.

She turned the corner to the bathroom, but was stopped short in her tracks by a couple of tapelines draped across the hallway. She turned around, back to the busy theather's main room.

There, she approached one of the ushers and asked him what the deal was with the bathrooms. He informed her that the women's bathroom were being remodeled and that in the meantime everyone would have to share the men's room. He also apologized for the inconvenience this caused, but she didn't stick around to listen to that. Her bladder was demanding more and more attention from her, and she felt that she couldn't last much longer. She was rapdily approaching that state of desperation she was so hoping to avoid.

The lines at the men's room were incredibly long. No surprise there. Beautiful day, theater in the middle of town, and only one facility in the entire building open to the public. Serenity felt like weeping softly, but instead she gritted her teeth and joined the line. It moved agonizingly slow. And there were already two dozen people in front of her. Her bladder suddenly released a spurt into her white panties and she gasped for air, but managed to end it there. Thank god. How long was she going to have to stand in line? 20 minutes? 30? More?

She didn't know. But at this rate, she did know she wasn't going to make it in time. She briefly considered going back home but that would take even longer. Home was at least 30 minutes away. Probably longer with these crowds. What other options did she have? She could wait in line and hope it started to move up in pace or she could risk trying to go home and almost certainly pee her pants on the way. The very idea of losing control on the busride home mortified her to such extent that she quickly decided that was not an option at all. What else?

Ofcourse! Sai. He lived close by. She could go to his place. She felt flustered at the idea of explaining the situation to her friend, but she took some small comfort in the knowledge that it was better then the alternative.

She quickly paced (she didn't dare run for fear of losing control as well as to avoid attention) back to the theater and nervously tapped Sai on the shoulder. He'd been listening to his iPod and hadn't noticed her approach. Having to stand in one place, her bladder was taking an even worse toll on her and she couldn't avoid holding her crotch with a desperately cltuched hand and bouncing up and down and she breathlessly told him her situation. It didn't take much to convince Sai how seriously close she was to wetting herself. She had a desperate look in her eye and everything about her body language seemed to scream it out.

He took her by the hand and started guiding her out of the theater. Meanwhile, Serenity was throwing everything she had into the fight over control for her bladder. She tightened her abdomen and leg muscles as far as they would allow and if it hadn't been for him guiding (almost dragging) her along, she would have almost certainly remained still. Her mind was becoming more and more withdrawn and focused on one thing and one thing only. Not losing control. She wasn't aware of anything outside of that and completely relied on Sai now to fix this mess.

While they were quickwalking across the street, Serenity felt that, despite her heavy protests she wouldn't last much longer. Every step she took sent a painful jolt up her upper legs and abdomen. They turned a corner, or at least she thought they did, and she was almost frantic now. Her bladder felt positively rockhard and huge and demanded to be emptied of its contents. She couldn't deny it that any longer and every step (and accompanying jolt) released a small spurt of urine into her panties. Her one free hand was desperately clutching at her crotch now, trying to stem the flow, but it was a losing battle.

Suddenly, they stopped. Where they there? She didn't know. All she knew was that she didn't want to stop. Moving eased the pressure. Sai released her hand and disappeared from Serenity's now very small world? Where was he going? As soon as he let go of her hand, it shot straight for her groin while she was litteraly bounding up and down the street. Her panties were already soaked.

Sai's hand suddenly returned to her world and guided her along again. She almost yanked her hand free, I need it! I can't hold on without it, but some part of her deep down knew that she needed it. He was there to help so she did nothing, other then continue her fight.

Two flights of stairs, she heard from somewhere. Sai, maybe? Probably. Who else would say something like that. She didn't know. The stairs proved to be her Waterloo.

Having to ascend a flight of stairs, pumping her legs up and down, all the while holding herself. It was just too much. Serenity's frail physique just couldn't handle any more. As they turned a corner, to ascend even more stairs, she realized to her horror, she finally gave out.

Serenity bowed her head in shame and let it all out. She stopped moving as she felt the warm liquid first run in sputtering streams, the last of her resistances still stubbornly clinging to the task she'd given her muscles, but pretty soon it became a steady stream. A wet patch appeared on the front of her short and pee was streaming down her legs. Having lost the fight, she let it all go as a puddle started to form around her feet. The back and lower ends of her shorts were completely drenched and she felt the pee running down her thighs, over her calves and into her socks and shoes.

She buried her head in her hands and sobbed uncontrollably. She had been so close. One more flight of stairs? Two? She didn't know. It didn't matter anymore. She had humiliated herself in front of her friend. Someone she liked! Serenity just wanted to give up and crawl away to die in a hole.

She thought she heard a door open, somewhere and she was vaguely aware that her body appeared to be in motion, although she hadn't given it any commands to do such.

She also thought she could hear a stream calming shushing words, but she was probably imagining that. Wishful thinking or something. Sai was probably already in his appartment, telling all his friends about her, while she was left standing in the hall of his building, in her wet shorts in a puddle of her own pee.

She thought she had stopped moving now, but at this stage her mind had withdrawn so far and refused to accept any information the outside world was sending to her senses, that she wasn't even sure of that.

Clean ... mess...Are... ok? Serenity? Words jumbled through her brain, but couldn't find any grip. They just floated around, not carrying any meaning or significance.

Until just a few words did. Should probably get out of those damp clothes.

Yes. Yes, she should do that. She should fix this mess. Sai would help her. He'd make sure she was fine. Get out of this mess. He'd help. She was safe. She could no longer make heads or tails of anything, and the only words that meant anything to her were get out of those damp clothes. Fix this mess.

And so Serenity obeyed. She unbuckled her belt, and let her short fall over her hips and legs down to her feet. The short that her mother assured she would grow into,as she became more of a woman. The ones that were a size too big. She stepped out of them and pulled her shirt over her head. If you had asked Serenity why she was removing her shirt, a piece of clothing that had escaped the accident, she'd probably just shrug and say it felt right. She hadn't gotten into the habit of wearing a bra yet, even though her breasts were clearly filling out already. They were still a very modest size, but they were already present enough to be noticed through her clothing.

Her panties clung to her skin and somewhere in the back of her mind, the last vestige of her rational mind told her he hated how her panties felt. Damp, sticky and clinging to her butt. She pulled them down and just let them fall to the ground.

Reality finally came knocking on her door again as she started to realize that she'd need something to clean her up a bit. Just as she started to come back to her senses, she noticed she was in a strange appartment. She'd never been here before. And just as suddenly as her bladder had taken her by surprise earlier that day, that's how suddenly she noticed Sai standing in the doorway of his bathroom, towel in hand, staring at her. He blushed fiercely and had one eyebrow raised, in what in any other situation would have been comical. In a flash, she could see herself through his eyes.

Naked as the day her mother had given birth to her, her small but very noticeable breasts exposed, a small, downy patch of hair covering her vaginal area and her legs still glistening with pee. Standing on top of her own panties and her clothes thrown carelessly in a heap on his couch.

That proved to be the last straw for Serenity. Her already frail mind now completely shut down and she blacked out. She was still dimly aware of Sai's cry and felt him catch her. Then nothing...

