I saw a girl pee her pants

Author: xbox2693

*000*2011-09-17 23:25

Was giving my flatmate Laura a rideshare back from Salford Uni to Bristol on my way home to Cornwall for the summer hols. We were southbound on the M5 between Birmingham and Bristol when we hit heavy traffic which slowed to near walking pace. We'd been driving non-stop for 3 hours and were looking out for a service station when we were forced to slow. Time went by without gaining much ground. The radio told us about a traffic accident ahead and the police closed the hard shoulder + 1 lane of the motorway. We'd been in a tailback for about an hour when Laura told me she was starting to get very desperate for a wee. I reassured her that we'd be at a service station soon (although I had no idea where the next one was).

By the time we'd merged into 2 lanes she told me she was seriously desperate to pee. She asked if I had a pot or something she could use to relieve herself in but all my kitchen stuff was unreachable. I tried to think of something she could use but nothing came to mind and we couldn’t get out as we had to keep on driving slowly. I told Laura she’d just have to hold on until we reach the next services. Once we’d passed the RTA we picked up speed.

We saw a blue sign ‘services 11 miles’ and she just told me to drive faster so I continued driving at 80ish. Being under pressure to hurry I took the slip road faster than I should have done – big mistake. Near the end we hit a series of speed bumps way to fast. Laura started crying and I realised she was now beyond help. I pulled into a space and just didn’t know what to say. She was crying with her head in her hands and her crotch was soaked. I felt so sorry for her, she’d done her best to hold on and she was very embarrassed.

The back seats were crammed full of stuff so she had to stay where she was for the final hour of the journey, hence there was no point changing her clothes. She just sat there in a puddle of her own making. When we arrived she dashed into her house to change. We’re still good mates although she still hates it when I mention her accident.

