The Golden Puddle: A Medieval Adventure of Unrestricted Release

Author: XxAbthedevxX

*000*2024-07-21 20:40

Hey this is my first story on this site and first omo story I have every written, so it wont be the best but its still something, this story combines a lot of my major fetishes into one pack of essentially omo smut hope you guys enjoy I tried being fancy and doing a little but of world building with this one let me know if you would like something added or improved

WARNING THIS STORY CONTAINS NUDITY

ALL CHARACTERS ARE 18+ STATED OR NOT

AI GENERATED IMAGES INCLUDED

This will be the prologue and chapter 1 I have yet to write more looking for feedback on how to continue

###

Premise

Aron had always been fascinated with women who had large bladders. He loved seeing them hold it in, feeling the pressure building up before finally releasing a powerful stream of urine. Little did he know that his obsession would lead him to an unexpected journey.

After a tragic accident, Aron found himself reincarnated as the prince of a kingdom in a fantasy world where women freely peed with no shame.

His sister Princess Amelia was one such woman, boasting a bladder size that could rival even the largest of barrels.

Aron is thrilled by this new environment where his desires are not only accepted but celebrated. He revels in watching girls pee openly and without hesitation as they display their incredible talents of holding it in.

This only fuels Aron's desires even more and he becomes determined to see each woman release her golden stream with grace and confidence. With elves dancing through forests and angels blessing every corner of the kingdom alongside foreign princesses gracing court events and saint Erica leading female clerics on spiritual quests alongside mages casting spells of magic — Aron’s journey into this fantasy world is filled with excitement unlike anything he had ever imagined.

He revels in watching them relieve themselves and finding ways to hold it in long before finally succumbing to the release. He indulges in his desires by watching these women relieve themselves with ease and grace. His excitement knows no bounds as he witnessed firsthand the power of their well-honed bladder control.

The sight of thick piss streams and impressive bladder bulges became a common occurrence for Aron as he embraced this new life filled with adventure and excitement.

###

Prologue

In a bustling market street a scene untouched by time, a young man no older than 21 observes a scene with great interest

“Give up! Eliana, you look ready to pop, just piss and admit defeat, that man is mine!” (Lia)

“Look who's talking, acting all high and mighty, even though you were clenching your self mere moments ago, he is mine to claim.” (Eliana)

(Lia)

(Eliana)

He observes along with many spectators, all gathered to witness the final moments of this battle, a seemingly common sight in these lands.

Minutes pass as the ladies hold onto a great flood, physical limits surpassed they hold on with sheer will.

“Well this is going nowhere, let me speed this up ladies look! Wanna do this ?” (Passerby Lady)

*Pssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss*

“Oooh, been holding that since morning .... Ahhh “ (Lady)

*Psssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss*

The lady with an impressive piss of her own taunts the competitors who watch longingly at her release.

The two ladies power on as the lady’s piss runs dry

Mere minutes later the blonde woman’s labored breathing turns to curses as she squirts on to the floor, still attempting to hold on

“Fuc.. no no no no i cann...” (Lia)

She seems to try and stop the inevitable but her sphincter can take no more

*PPPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP*(Lia)

The blond woman loses all control and releases her pent up piss in a thick stream where she stood

“Aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh”(Lia moaning)

She just kept pissing, all eyes drawn to her, some praising her, others ridiculing her for giving up so quickly ,as they seemingly forget her rival, holding on with every ounce of strength left in her person.

The blonde woman pisses a thick stream of pee for 4 minutes before her stream returns to that of a normal person, still emptying her ample bladder for another 50 sec before it runs dry .

She stood there dazed when all of a sudden everyone is pulled back to reality a ear piercing high pitch screech echoing through the bustling street.

*PPPPPPPPPPPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

*PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

The sound created by the woman named Eliana as she releases the hold on her bladder like a torrential downpour onto the thirsty street, expelling massive quantities of boiling pee with speed comparable to that of the mightiest of horses for she had won.

She did not moan or make a noise, only the sound of her piss and laboured breathing echoed through the street and a look of absolute bliss on her face, a true vestige to her incredible struggle and proof of her strength.

She pissed without slowing down for 7 minutes straight, much to the horror of the rival.

Her stream did not slow down; it simply stopped as she remained dazed breathing heavily trying to process the incredible feelings she was now feeling.

As silence descends upon the crowd, time seemingly standing still, a man with defined features and good physique walks onto the platform and prepares to declare the results

“Lia 4 min 50 sec, Eliana 7 min” (Man)

“Eliana is the victor!” (Man)

A Cheer erupts from the crowd, men and women alike as the man lifts his queen into his arms and walks off the platform, leaving behind the blonde who stood disappointed in a puddle of her own making.

###

Satisfied with the detour, the young man exits the crowd and continues his journey in this foreign land, as he walks through the town taking note of the various hisses of women who pissed without batting an eye, continue to do their various tasks, some talking with friends, others buying goods from the market.

He continues walking, trying to hide the bulge now developing in his trousers.

His name is Aron, crown prince of Lumaris, an eccentric young man with a not so hidden piss fetish, his goal, to find the woman with the largest bladder traversing unknown frontiers in this world where people piss freely with no remorse or shame, a world different yet similar to our where the passage of time has seemingly slowed down.

This the story of a reincarnation, of growth and most importantly pee.

###

Chapter 1: A morning like no other

As far back as i can remember i was always interested in holding pee and peeing vast amounts specifically when women hold very full bladders without complain, as i grew up this fascination developed into a fetish, i would hop from one online forum to another talking with likeminded people and wrote many stories based of this too.

Like any adult I had a day job I didn't like much. It was so sudden, funny how life can take a drastic turn so quickly. I slipped and fell onto the subway tracks and before I could react, my vision went dark...

###

The next time i opened my eyes, i found myself in a unknown room sleeping on a fluffy mattress, the room looked like one you would see in historical dramas about feudal europe

Suddenly a sharp pain struck my head as memories of a person I didn't know came to me all at once.

His name Aron, Prince of Lumaris was born 21 years ago in the year 455, declared as crown prince at age 18. The rest of his memories are blurry as I struggle to differentiate between his and mine.

Still lying down you think

So let's get the facts straight, I reincarnated after the subway thing into this prince and remembered memories from my previous life when I hit my head. WTF did i just get isekaied ?

As you finish this train of thought and turn to your side struggling to open your eyes, amidst the rays of sunlight sitting on a chair with legs crossed, eyes wide open in shock, a girl, no a maid staring back at you

Before you could react, she jumps onto the bed in the process giving you a good glance under her skirt, her vagina exposed for the world to see, a small bump decorated above it

“Your highness, are you feeling good, why didn't you call ??” (maid)

“Huh, you.. You're not wearing anything down, where are your panties?”

“Eh, your highness, what are you talking about ? what is a panatis” (maid)

“Huh, panties, underwear, undergarments... “

“Your highness what happened to you, you have been saying words i have never heard of.. Do you remember me ?” (Maid)

Huh, words she hasn't heard of what is this woman on about????, wait who is this maid, AAA it hurts to remember what is happening

“Ahh, um sorry my head hurts, who are u?”

“I am amanda, your personal maid, my mother was your wet nurse, please calm down and listen to me” (Amanda)

“Ahh yes, ok”

As you sit down to listen

“Your highness, do you know who you are ?” (Amanda)

“Yea, just that, it hurts to try and remember anything else”

“My lord, you fell from your horse and hit your head pretty badly, we need to get to the queen mother right this instant and have you looked by the royal physician” (Amanda)

“Uh yes let's do that”

As she begins to get up and leave, she pauses for a moment and brazenly lifts her skirt up with concern to take a look at her pussy, no her swollen belly, wow i didn't see this earlier is that

Her..... bladder, My minds immediately starts running in overdrive as i feel myself getting excited, why was this maid in my room with a bladder that full no less, and why did she just lift her skirt to look at it, wtf is happening right now

As you are engrossed in your thoughts she notice you staring at her and without a single remark about your passionate gaze stuck on her crotch she lowers her skirt and walks to door

“Your highness let's make haste” (Amanda)

You exit the room as she follows behind escorting you through extravagant hallways

This really is a castle huh, but what is up with this maid man holy shit where am I, I just saw something great wish i was awoken everyday like this

As you walk engrossed in your perverted thoughts, you notice her falling behind, turning to take a look, you are yet again greeted by a beautiful slit and a modest bulge above, its owner now looking concerned

You look on transfixed at her bizarre behaviour when suddenly with a sigh she brazenly starts hosing the floor with a jet of clear piss without a care in the world still fully in view and aware of your presence

*SIGH*

Pssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

Pssssssssssssssssssssss

She pissed for what seemed like eternity as you watch in awe ,a inflated bladder slowly deflate, relief washing over her face

Pssssssss

Before long the great spectacle comes to an end, her pussy still dripping as she turns to you with a smile

“Much better, the orange juice last night was too much, why did you stop my lord let's continue” (Amanda)

She begins walking as piss still dripping down her legs, a joyful smile on her face

“Yea lets go”

Left speechless by what you just saw my greatest desire of watching a woman with a full bladder pee just came true and she just brushed it off like its nothing what's going on am i dreaming ? if so i don't want to wake up

You continue following her completely lost in your own thoughts with no awareness of your surroundings recalling the waterfall of piss and her deflating bladder a sight to behold

“I don't understand what is happening but I like it”

You whisper to yourself as you continue down the hallway wondering what the future has in store.

###

That's it for now please tell me what I should improve upon and what I should add. Also please suggest titles for the story if you have better ones in mind.

*003*2024-07-22 11:14

{{12 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I like the premise so far, i am interested to read more. would holding your pee be a status symbol, a method of finding love or confessing it to someone or a seduction that a woman is trying have the person that they fancy to notice their advances?

}}

Definitely, my idea was a world where peeing freely is considered normal much like the stories here like Soviet republic but because the world is built with this common sense, having a big bladder is seen as a status symbol especially among women i gave a peak at this in the prologue where the two girls fight with their bladder to see who is worthy when people have to decide something especially women maybe sometimes men (idk if I can write good male peeing) holding contests are common enought to happen on streets also clothes have evolved accordingly to accomodate this practice hence the no panties. Bladder size and holding ability are forms of recreation done for fun or competitively at least for now this is the plan

I also like the idea of grabbing attention of men by showing off bladder size or volume thanks will incorporate that into the story

{{6 hours ago, Temple said:

A solid beginning for a really nice premise. For one point of improvement, you could consider having a characters name appear before their dialogue instead of the other way around to make the story flow a bit more clearly, but that’s really just a nitpick. Overall, keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks will keep that in mind

