Trapped and Desperate

Author: XxSpyroFanxX

*000*2016-05-16 05:27

Sonic sighed, Knuckles had been pulling on his restraints for the past hour, and the constant sound of chains clinking onto the floor, only to be tugged on again, is started to give him a headache. "Will you STOP?" Sonic growled. "I.... refuse.... to be.... defeated....... by..... Eggman...!" Knuckles growled through tugging at the chains.

Sonic was stuck to the floor by several chains with latches on them, the chains wrapped around his ankles and legs tightly, restricting him from standing. Tails had several chains wrapped around his namesakes, and Knuckles had large clamps that covered his hands and lower arms attached to the floor by chains.

Tails whimpered quietly and shifted where he sat. Knuckles sighed and finally gave up on tugging at his chains, sitting on the floor and closing his eyes. 'This is embarrassing, we are supposed to be heroes, not prisoners, I refuse to believe this... what's wrong with Tails?' Knuckles looked up to see Tails fidgeting constantly, "Tails.... are you.... okay?" he asked awkwardly, having a feeling he already knew.

"Huh...? Oh! Yeah, I'm.... uhh... I'm okay..." Tails replied. "You don't sound okay," Sonic piped up. "O-okay, m-maybe I have to pee a little bit, but I can hold it." Knuckles smirked and chuckled, receiving two glares. "I'm sorry, just the overall thought of that makes me laugh," Knuckles admitted.

"Why not just ask him if you can go?" Sonic asked, "I would, but that's too embarrassing, it's bad enough that we've been trapped, now he expects me to admit that I need to pee?" Tails replied. "It's unhealthy to hold it for so long," Sonic warned, "You think I don't know that?" Tails exclaimed.

"He's coming," Knuckles warned.

Indeed, Eggman was walking down the long hallway to check up on the three again. "Hello, I hope you are enjoying your stay," Eggman said, Knuckles and Sonic refused to speak, but Tails couldn't bring himself to ask. "Tails," Sonic persisted. "I'm not gonna ask."

"Tails needs the bathroom," Sonic claimed. "No! Sonic!" Tails blushed, "Then why can't he ask for himself?" Eggman asked. "I... uh...." Tails muttered. "It isn't hard, just ask a simple question," Eggman said. "C-can I use the b-bathroom?" Tails stuttered. "Can you?"

Tails sighed, "May I p-p-please use the bathroom?" Tails repeated. "Yes you may," Eggman replied, walking into Tails's cell, then unlocked his restraints, then kept an eye on him to make sure he didn't escape. After a few minutes, Sonic and Knuckles heard the toilet flush, and saw Tails walk out, relieved.

"That wasn't too hard, now was it?" Eggman asked, Tails blushed, then allowed himself back into the restraints. Knuckles fought off laughter until Eggman left, then fell on his back and laughed hard. "Knuckles!" Sonic berated. "I told you, this is funny to me!"

"It won't be funny when it's your turn," Sonic muttered, which Knuckles fortunately didn't hear through his laughing.

.....

"Lunch time," Eggman said, carrying three trays. "Then can I take these off?" Knuckles asked, lifting his large cuffs. "Fine, but just to eat," Eggman said, unlocking that cuffs, Knuckles smirked and stood up, only to be stopped by a chain attached to the floor by two smaller cuffs that left his hands free to do stuff.

Knuckles growled, sitting down again. Eggman placed his tray on the floor, which was just simple bread, soup and water. Sonic and Tails got the same thing. Tails avoided his glass of water to get away from the discomfort and embarrassment from earlier. Knuckles, however, downed his quickly, as well as stuffed his face with the bread and soup, receiving two stares, "What? I'm hungry."

Sonic just shrugged and continued his eating, Tails pushed his half empty tray away and attempted to sleep. Knuckles smirked and pushed his tray away as well, standing up. 'This has got to be easier now that those cuffs can't hold me down, and now that I've regained some strength from eating.' Knuckles thought before pulling at the chains again.

Knuckles smiled once his chains broke, he quickly broke the bars to his cage, then broke the bars to Tails's cage and attempted to break the restraints on his tails. "Hmm, I need the keys for this, I'll be back in a bit," Knuckles said, then snuck off to where he assumed Eggman's room was.

.....

"Lemme go! Lemme go!" Sonic and Tails heard Knuckles growl a half an hour later. They saw him being carried to a stronger room, with similar cuffs they tightly locked over his arms. "This is your punishment for escaping, you are to stay this way for the rest of today, and no food or water," Eggman said, walking off. "What about 30 minute breaks?" Knuckles asked, "You don't get that privilege either, I don't want to risk another escape."

"B-but, what will I do when I need.... you know...." Knuckles stuttered, "You should have thought of that before you tried to escape."

"Knuckles, are you okay?" Sonic asked after Eggman left, "I feel like a child being punished after getting caught stealing the cookie jar, but I refuse to cry," Knuckles replied. "So, what do we do now?" Sonic asked. "I feel like we'll never escape," Tails whimpered, "We will! That last attempt was just a fluke!" Knuckles exclaimed. "Knuckles, we'll never get out of here by just breaking out and hoping for the best, we don't know where we are, and where the exit is," Sonic explained.

"Fine...." Knuckles muttered, and with that, the three began to think.

.....

"Think of anything yet?" Sonic asked, "No...." Tails and Knuckles replied. Sonic glanced over and saw Knuckles slightly twitching his leg. "Knuckles, are you okay?" he asked. "Huh? Oh... yeah.... I'm fine," Knuckles replied, a pink tint slightly dusting his muzzle. "You don't sound-"

"I'M FINE!" Knuckles exclaimed.

Eggman walked up again with trays of food, Knuckles's stomach grumbled and he looked up expectantly, only to sigh in disappointment when Eggman only brought two trays ,one for Sonic and one for Tails. "Where's Knuckles's?" Sonic asked, "I already told him, since he tried to run off, he gets no food nor water."

Knuckles sighed again, "You guys also get those 30 minute breaks, I'm stuck here."

"Does he get bathroom breaks?" Sonic asked. Knuckles blushed again, "No, if he doesn't like the punishment, he shouldn't have escaped."

Knuckles crossed his legs where he sat. "Knuckles, I know you aren't feeling well, what's the matter?" Sonic asked. "I kinda.... sorta..... gotta..... ya know..... go...." Knuckles muttered. "Go where?" Sonic asked, "Bad," Knuckles blushed. "Then just ask," Sonic replied.

"You heard what he said, I'm not allowed to leave for anything!" Knuckles exclaimed. "And I have to pee so bad!" Sonic didn't know how to reply.

Eggman showed up again soon enough, checking up on the three of them. "Knuckles!" Sonic said, "Ask him while you have the chance." Knuckles blushed. "Ask me what?"

Knuckles growled, "Can I go to the bathroom?"

"Can you what?" Eggman asked. Knuckles sighed and tried to raise his voice, "M-may I p-please go to t-the bathroom?"

"Knuckles, you know the rules-"

"Please! I have to go so bad! I can't hold it much longer! Please! I promise I won't escape again, just please, let me go!" Knuckles begged. Eggman sighed, he didn't want to give in so easily, but seeing Knuckles squirm so much, and even hearing him beg tugged on a few heartstrings.

"Fine, but just this once," Eggman said, walking into Knuckles's cell and undoing his restraints. Everyone expected Knuckles to jump up and a ttack, but instead he just grabbed himself between the legs. Eggman led the echidna to the bathroom, in which Knuckles rushed in, slamming the door behind him.

The three heard the toilet flush, and saw Knuckles, obviously more relieved, walk out. Once he was put back into his restraints, Sonic and Tails smirked at him.

Knuckles growled, "Not. A. Word."

(Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles belong to Sega.)

*002*2016-09-06 21:50

Thank you for enjoying it, if I ever get the time, I might make another version of it with a different ending.

