My first fic - Filming Waters

Author: xXPirateXx

*000*2014-02-19 18:03

This is the first time I've put my fantasy into words. I've left the ending pretty open to write more if you enjoy it!

Filming Waters

It was no denying it, Yuzuko had to pee badly. He was an attractive male, age 22, 5’11, strawberry brown hair, blue eyes, thin but built.

He pressed his legs together trying not to make his need obvious. He should’ve stopped after the second cup of coffee, but with the early morning shoot he just had to look awake.

“Alright one more take and we’ll go to break.” The director called out.

“Finally” Yuzuko thought in the back of his mind. He watched the scene unfold before his eyes and a few minutes later the director called for a break.

He had been filming a scary movie in front of this old abandon mansion. It was pretty far out in the sticks so it had been awhile since he had been able to use the bathroom. The actors started chatting with each other, no one showing a need like Yuzuko felt.

He walked towards the mansion and went inside.

“Ok there should be a bathroom here somewhere.” He looked around. There were 4 different hallways, and stairs leading up. He peeked down the first hallway; of course every door was closed. He began opening up the doors.

“Nope, closet.” He peeked into the next, “Nope, dining room. And another one to the dining room, how many doors do they need leading into the dining room?” He had to stop and squeeze his dick. “Better hurry.” He continued down the hall opening every door.

His need had gotten much worse, he felt on the brink of losing it. He grabbed himself again as he felt a small spurt. He felt a little relived that he was wearing all black, “At least it won’t be noticeable” he thought to himself.

He opened the last door on one side of the hall, “Ugh an office! Where is the bathroom?”

He turned to the last door on the other side, “If this isn’t it, I’m just going to go.” He grabbed the handle; his palms had become slightly sweaty. He opened the door to a bedroom.

“I’ve got to go.” He said, as he stepped inside the room and grabbed himself. He locked the door behind him. “Better look for a spot where my puddle won’t be seen.” He looked around the room; there was a bed, a desk, a nightstand, and a book shelf.

“I could go under the desk, but it’s too high, it would be seen. Or under the bed, but I might make a mess.” He grabbed himself as he felt another short spurt into his pants. He hobbled over to the bed, as he suddenly had an idea.

He pulled back the covers on the bed.

“Hopefully nobody will sit on the bed.” He unzipped his pants and reached into his boxers, a small spurt went into his hand. He pulled his penis out, and released a longer spurt this time hitting the edge of the bed.

He aimed towards the middle of the bed, let out a sigh and threw his head back to enjoy the relief. A few seconds passed and he realized he hadn’t peed at all.

“What the..?” He stared at the bed, “But I had to go so bad just a second ago.” He spread his legs further apart as he could feel the heat rise to his cheeks. “This is embarrassing, but I guess I’ve never wet the bed before.”

He put his hand on his stomach and pressed on his bladder. “Just picture yourself going in a toilet.” Finally he let out a small spurt, and then another one. He watched them land in the middle of the bed. A longer spurt came out, and he pressed a little more, another spurt and it turned into a stream.

He watched his urine soak into the mattress and the wet spot grew bigger and bigger. The spot became a size of a basketball and there began to form a pool of urine in the middle slowly soaking into the mattress. His stream began to die down and ended with a few short spurts. He watched the rest of the pool of urine soak before he replaced the covers. He tucked his penis back into his pants and slowly opened the door checking to make sure no one was nearby before he left the room.

*002*2014-03-04 21:12

Thanks!

Here is the continuation:

Chapter 2

“Hey Yuzuko. What’cha up to?” a fellow actor was standing near the front door.

“Just checking the place out, it’s pretty cool.”

“You have balls man, most everyone is just too creped out to step foot inside.”

They walked out to where they were filming. He grabbed a bottle of water and took a few sips.

He overheard another conversation.

“Just remember…” One film crewmember said to another, “This house is old so it doesn’t have indoor plumbing.”

“Not that I’d have any guts to go inside. So where is the bathroom?”

“There is a maze out back; everyone is just going in there. So watch out for puddle.” The crew members laughed.

Yuzuko blushed.

“What’s wrong Yuzuko? You step in someone’s puddle.” The crew member asked.

“No I haven’t gone yet.”

“Well you better go, break is almost over.”

“Yeah.” He thought he better at least go back there and pretend, otherwise someone might figure it out.

Yuzuko walked into the hedge maze. Right at the opening there was a huge puddle.

“Guess no one believes in being discreet.” He said to himself as he walked around it. There were a few smaller puddles not too far from the big one he avoided. He walked a bit more. He went around the corner and decided it was far enough. He heard a voice.

“Oh yeah, oh yeah, it feels good.” The voice said. Yuzuko peeked between the hedges and saw one of his fellow actors, Lute. Lute had his pants around his knees, and was masturbating through his boxers. Yuzuko wasn’t gay but he found himself not being able to look away.

“Yeah go pee, right there, right in your pants.” Lute said to himself.

“He has a pee fetish.” Yuzuko thought as he felt himself blushing.

“Uhhh” Lute let out a small moan as a small stain appeared on his boxers. Lute then lifted up the leg of his boxers and began to pee forcefully onto the ground. His pee creating a puddle by his feet he was practically standing in it. He let out a sigh as he fixed his boxers and pulled up his pants.

Yuzuko quickly snapped out of his trance. He stomped his feet like he was walking up. Unzipped himself and began to let his stream go. It was surprisingly easy even though he just went inside. He felt Lute’s eyes on him for a minute and then he heard Lute walk away.

Yuzuko found during the remaining of the shoot, he couldn’t help but glance at Lute’s pants. He somehow felt different about Lute, he couldn’t get the image of him out of his mind.

Yuzuko headed home at the end of the shoot. By the time he approached his apartment his need to use the bathroom was just as great as it was this morning.

“I can’t wait to get home and pee in a toilet like a proper adult.” He told himself. He lived in a 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment with his brother Saeki. He got in the elevator, and thank goodness he was alone. He grabbed his crotch.

“I have to pee.” He kept repeating to himself over and over. Once he was inside he quickly rushed to the bathroom. He stopped short once he reached the bathroom. The toilet seat was up and the toilet was completely full of water. The neighbors above him must have backed up their toilet again. He let out a groan. All he wanted to do was pee. He glanced at the sink. A small spurt told him he couldn’t wait any longer. He started to unzip his pants when someone came up from behind him.

“Yeah, bummer about the toilet.”

Yuzuko turned around to see his best friend Ryu standing there staring at the toilet.

“It has been like that since I got here a couple hours ago.”

Yuzuko was all but ignoring what he had to say. He was concentrating so hard on not releasing the rest of his urine into his pants, as he released another spurt. He was sure there was a stain on his boxers now.

“Hey Yuzuko…” Ryu trailed off. He knew his best friend since they were kids, and he knew the faces Yuzuko made. In a swift motion he picked up his best friend and set him over the sink.

Yuzuko stared at Ryu.

“What the hell man?” Almost completely forgetting about his bladder he released a longer spurt.

Ryu laughed, “Dude if you have to go then go.”

“I… I donn... don’t!” He stammered. Another spurt released into his pants, there was a baseball size stain on his leg.

“Fine fine.” Ryu unzipped his pants, took out his penis and aimed it at Yuzuko’s crotch.

“What are you doing?” Yuzuko almost shouted as Ryu began to pee, wetting Yuzuko’s pants.

“Hey I’m going in the sink, and you just happen to be sitting in the way of my stream.” The warm urine from Ryu’s stream made Yuzuko forget about holding it. He also began to pee. The spot on his leg got bigger and the urine began to drip through, pouring into the sink.

Ryu cut off his stream. Yuzuko continued to pee into his pants. His stream became stronger now that he was aware at how badly he had to go.

“Yuzuko you need to be honest with yourself.” Ryu said when he came back with a clean pair of underwear for Yuzuko, and a towel.

His stream finally died down and he sat on the sink and inspected the damage. There was not a single dry spot on the top part of his pants. He also realized he was hard.

