Waiting

Author: XxSpyroFanxX

*000*2016-05-10 05:15

Knuckles growled, the pain in his bladder was growing too much to be ignored. The echidna ran around, looking for a working bathroom. "Unggg....! Okay.... that one hurt..... hmmm..! Need a bathroom, where are the bathrooms in this place?!"

After saving the town from Eggman once again, Sonic and his friends were invited to a formal party. Knuckles, of course, didn't want to join, and had just started walking to Angel Island before Amy and Sonic had begun to tease the echidna on being scared of going to a big party, in which his pride forced him to come along. Bored out of his mind, he strayed from the others and ate some snacks while filling his body up on water and juice.

Knuckles didn't feel an urge strong enough to go searching for a bathroom, some agonizingly slowly hours passed by, and Knuckles found himself fidgety and squirmy. Atop that, he refused to admit to the need to pee in case someone would mock his strength, which led Knuckles to being as discreet as possible.

He tried to hold off the urge long enough until the party ended, but when his bladder started sending dire waves of immense discomfort, Knuckles ventured out to find a bathroom, unwilling to ask for directions from somebody else.

"Hmmmph.....! Ahhh....! Unggg.....! Oh, I'm gonna wet! Where is the bathroom?!" Knuckles pressed his legs together, trying to keep from grabbing himself, not wanting to be found and made fun of or yelled at.

He ran around, finding several doors, none leading to any sort of bathroom.

"Gahh...!" Knuckles cried, tightly grabbing himself as a spurt of urine escaped. He whimpered as his faced turn bright red.

'Okay, now I don't care if it's a bathroom or not, I need anything for relief!'

He frantically searched, anything bowl or bucket shaped that was secure enough to hold the great ball of pee inside him.

Just when he was going to give up and go on the floor, he saw something that made his spirits lift, the men's room sign.

Nearly losing himself then and there, he rushed to the bathroom door. He attempted to push it open, only for it to remain closed. 'It must be a single stall bathroom.'

Crossing his legs tightly around each other and having one hand crushed between them, he knocked frantically on the door, "Hello? Is anyone in there?"

"Knuckles, is that you?" came a familiar voice.

"Sonic! Yes it's me, please please PLEASE hurry! I'll burst at any moment!" Knuckles begged the blue speedster. "Relax, Knuckles, I just got in here."

"How long did you notice that the bathroom was here? I was searching forever to find it," Knuckles asked. "Since we got here, they gave us a tour around the place, but you wouldn't know since you weren't there."

'Ouch, he got me there.'

"Sonic, you have no idea how much I've been holding, so please hurry."

Knuckles flinched and he felt another trickle escape when he heard Sonic's stream from outside the bathroom.

To his immense relief, Sonic finally walked out, "Okay, it's yours."

Knuckles didn't wait for Sonic to finish speaking, he rushed in, slammed the door and fumbled slightly with the lock, and finally relieved his aching bladder into the toilet bowl.

"Aaaahhhhhhhhhhh....." Knuckles let out involuntary groans and sighs of relief.

His tongue lolled out of his mouth, and a slight trickle of drool dripped down his muzzle.

It took several minutes to finish up, he washed his hands then walked out of the bathroom, feeling much better.

"Geez, Knux, did you have to go that badly?" Sonic asked. "Yes! Why do you think I was outright begging to be let in?"

"I can tell you're feeling better, you're drooling." Knuckles blushed and rubbed the corner of his mouth, indeed finding the thin trickle of saliva.

"Well, I'm in a better mood than when we first showed up, and the party isn't over yet, let's go!" Knuckles exclaimed, walking back into the main room with Sonic.

(Yay, first fanfic since the update. I might make an alternate ending, you never know. But for now, I hope you enjoy. Sonic and Knuckles and the others belong to Sega.)

