Love Live NicoMaki: The Price of Freedom

Author: Xeri The Crow

*000*2016-07-24 09:28

Oh hey, this is done! Yeah, not gonna lie, I feel like a total dick right now. Poor Maki, and that’s coming from the one who wrote this… worse yet, it’s not even done. This is just part one of two or three, and it only gets worse from there.

Also, just a fair warning, but you may have to suspend your disbelief for this one a little. The methodology is a bit more advanced than what is possible right now, but not by a whole lot.

Anyway, I’m kind of on the fence about this one. It’s not terrible, but I’m not perfectly satisfied with it, either. I’ll probably like the continuations more, so it’s not a huge deal, even though I write primarily to entertain myself (which actually makes my standards higher than normal, I think).

Hopefully you guys will like this thing more than I did. Let’s find out, shall we?

The Price of Freedom

Chapter One: From Bad to Worse

From pretty much the moment Nishikino Maki woke up, the had the feeling it was going to be a bad day. The thing that clued her in shortly after first opening her eyes was a cold, wet, clammy feeling underneath the covers of her bed that stretched from around her mid-thighs to her lower back. This was the third morning in a row she had woken up to sodden sheets.

The occurrence wasn’t exactly one she had been dealing with a very long time. It started happening only about a month prior to this particular morning. It gradually grew in frequency until it happened almost every night. And while she had a pretty good idea of why her body kept doing this, she didn’t exactly have the means to stop it, either.

The conclusion she’d reached about this newfound habit of hers was that it was the result of stress. More specifically, she was becoming more and more anxious over an inevitable event that she would have to go through, but she wished she could save until she moved out of her parents’ house.

Namely, informing her parents about her relationship with a certain third year at her high school. Yazawa Nico had only gotten more and more adamant about being upfront about it with them as time went on. She had expressed the desire to tell them pretty much from the day Maki had confessed and they started going out, and she kept insisting on it no matter how many times the redhead tried to refuse.

To be fair, Nico had brought up some decent points for her argument. Things like how hiding it from them would only cause mistrust when it finally came to light, and how it was better to be open and honest. But the Nishikino heiress was not in any sort of rush to explain to her traditional parents that she was not only dating another girl, but an aspiring idol on top of that.

The more Nico kept pushing to tell them, the further Maki slid down a rabbit hole of stress. They had been dating for a month and a half, meaning that the bedwetting started after only two weeks. Most if not all of the maids in their house definitely knew about it by this point, after a whole month of having to do extra laundry because of it. It was humiliating and she just wanted it to end.

Hoping that if she were to just get it over with, this shameful event would stop repeating itself, she finally gave in and set up plans for it. Later that night, Nico would come over and have dinner with them, and at some point during the visit, she’d tell Maki’s parents about their relationship. But if how the simple act of waking up went was any indicator, this would be a really bad day.

With a great sigh, the young Nishikino heiress slowly got up, reminding herself to let a maid know to wash her sheets on the way out. This was going to be a long day.

Rather surprisingly, dinner went pretty well. At the very least, Nico didn’t say anything particularly unfit for her hosts. She handled herself remarkably well, better than Maki knew was possible for her.

Towards the end, when the maids carried away their remaining plates and Maki’s parents were getting ready to leave the room, the third year came out and just said it. That she was dating their daughter. The Nishikino heiress had no idea how she got the courage, but she did.

That was right about the moment, looking back on it, when everything went straight to hell. Maki’s father’s initial reply wasn’t too bad. He simply said “I see.”

Her mother had a more positive reaction – she actually smiled, at least – but she didn’t stick around for long. Well, more like she seemed to just get the hell out of Dodge. She left the room very quickly, as if she were running away from something.

When her father also reached the door, he turned around. He asked a rather blunt question. “Could you have one of the maids show her out and meet me in the family room? There is something we need to discuss.”

After that, he briskly left. From that alone, Maki knew she was just about screwed. In order to delay the inevitable, she decided, she would take Nico to the door herself. So she grabbed her partner’s hand and dragged her along. The third year asked why, but she didn’t get any kind of response other than the hand around hers tightening.

The walk from the kitchen to the front door seemed to go by too quickly. It barely felt like any time had passed at all, even though the walk supposedly lasted at least a few minutes. Once they got there, the twin-tailed girl waited patiently – they were still holding hands, so she couldn’t exactly leave. After a few seconds, the redhead spoke, voice trembling ever so slightly.

“I have no idea what he’s going to do,” she admitted, running her free hand through her bangs. “But I don’t have a good feeling about it.”

“Do you want me to stay?” Nico asked, squeezing her partner’s hand reassuringly.

Maki shook her head, giving a squeeze back before letting go. “That could make him worse. And I’m not sure I’m okay with dragging you into the family discussion that’s about to happen.”

“Okay. If you want, you can tell me how it went later,” the third year replied. She leaned in for a quick hug, then made her way for the door. “I’ll stay up until I get a text from you.”

“All right… bye.”

The door opened, then closed behind the older girl on her way out. And just like that, Maki was alone. No one else to face her father with. Her mother ran out specifically to avoid dealing with what she knew was coming. But unfortunately, the high schooler couldn’t exactly run from this discussion.

So she made her way to the family room. Contrary to her first trip across the house, this one seemed to drag on forever. She wasn’t exactly hurrying, but it seemed almost as if time itself slowed down this time.

But eventually, she made it to the place where her father was waiting. He was normally very strict about the usage of his time, but for once, he didn’t even comment about being made to wait. He just eyed her until she sat down in the chair across from him, then spoke in a calm, collected, yet harsh voice.

“That girl. She has no money, no power, no status, no influence,” he built up to what they both knew was coming. “You must break up with her.”

She knew it was coming, but that didn’t make it any easier. Though she had to admit, all things considered, it was actually rather strange that he didn’t even use the obvious fact that Nico was another girl as part of his argument.

Under any other circumstances, she would have just said ‘okay’ and moved on, to cut her losses so to speak. But this was different. They didn’t always get along, but she loved Nico… and the older girl loved her. This wasn’t something she could simply give up on.

She had a right to be happy, and she had a right to become happy how she wanted to. With this in mind, she said a single word… “No.”

He didn’t exactly take being refused by his own daughter for the first time in his life very well. “You will break up with her.”

“I won’t!” But she wasn’t going to cave just because he said it more forcefully.

He actually seemed taken aback by this. She’d never done this before, so it made sense that he’d be surprised. The initial shock on his face wore down into contemplation. He seemed to be considering something. Finally, after a full five seconds, he took a deep breath, slowly exhaled, and spoke.

“Fine. Do as you like. But there will be consequences for your actions. You are now dismissed for the night.”

All things considered, she really got off lighter than she expected to. In the end, he allowed her to keep dating Nico… but at the same time, the threat of consequences definitely scared her.

Her mind kept running away with it as she texted her partner back and forth. She kept imagining these worst case scenarios, then kept having to convince herself over and over again that her own father wouldn’t go that far. But she couldn’t really help it…

This was the first time she’d ever told her father ‘no’ about anything. She’d never done it before, so she’d never had consequences for it before, either. She had no idea what to expect. It was downright terrifying, though she’d never admit that to anyone.

All the worrying she did wore her out quicker than usual. It seemed to take forever, but she actually ended up falling asleep a full hour before she usually did.

The first thing Maki noticed when she woke up was a dull, constant pain in her lower back, right above her rear end. Still sort of in a daze, she absently wondered what could be causing it. She was laying on her stomach, but the pain seemed closer to her back than her front, so she couldn’t have laid on it wrong… she didn’t really toss and turn in her sleep, either. But hadn’t she gone to bed laying on her back…?

The second thing she noted was that for the first time in several days, her sheets didn’t feel wet. But… that was strange. Her crotch still felt really damp, but nowhere else did. How could that be? She slowly reached her right hand down to touch her underwear… and was greeted by the third thing she noticed, which almost immediately woke her up.

Where she should have felt lace panties tight against her skin, she felt a smooth, soft plastic sensation that actually stuck out at least several centimeters from her body. What had originally been intended to be a soft caress turned into a frantic pat as she tried to discern just what she was feeling. Whatever she was wearing was far, far thicker than normal underwear, and seemed kind of squishy, too.

Well, she was wide awake by that point. She quickly sat up, pulled off the covers and looked down at her crotch… and everything clicked into place. What she was wearing was an adult-sized disposable diaper. The wetness she felt around her crotch but nowhere else was because the padding inside of the garment was positively soaked.

To her even greater confusion, though the diaper was clearly sized for either teens or adults, its appearance didn’t reflect that. It had babyish designs printed all over the sides of the front panel – though the heavily-yellowed center of the protective garment seemed to have no designs. Though she’d heard of the designs fading away when wet before, so maybe that was what happened.

Either way, she needed answers. When and how was she put in a diaper without it waking her up? And why did it seem to have the design of an oversized baby diaper? Was this what her father meant by ‘consequences’? If so, why did he go for these instead of normal adult diapers like the ones at the hospital?

First things first, Maki decided, she should probably change into some normal underwear. She couldn’t exactly walk around the house like this, much less go anywhere else. Plus, the garment currently fastened around her crotch was quite wet, making it very thick and kind of uncomfortable. She got up out of bed, noting as she stood that she felt kind of woozy, as if she’d recently come off of an anesthetic of some sort. What exactly had happened to her while she slept…?

She tried to walk over to her dresser, but with the newfound unfamiliar bulk in between her legs, waddle would be a more appropriate term. As she moved, she noticed a distinct crinkling sound coming from the cause of her waddle. Once she made it to her dresser, she pulled open the top drawer, where she stored her underwear… and her eyes widened in astonishment at the sight that greeted her.

All of her panties were gone – not a single one remained. In their place was pile upon pile of diapers like the one she wore. In her mild shock, the picked one up and studied it. The childish designs seemed to be animal-themed, much like the one she was wearing. However, a crucial difference was that down the center of the one in her hand, and all the other ones in the drawer, there were light-colored paw print designs. She looked back to the one already on her, concluding that the absence of those paws was because the whole front of the garment was yellowed with urine.

She also noticed, through looking at the still-folded diaper in her hand, that even unused, they were still really thick, far more so than normal medical-grade diapers. As she put it back where she picked it up from, she noticed something on top of her dresser that hadn’t been there the night before. A small, white envelope that didn’t appear to have been sealed.

She picked it up, opened it, and took out the contents: a single piece of paper. On it, she found a page’s worth of words addressed to her, in what she recognized as her father’s handwriting. She began to read, her hands somewhat shaky in anticipation.

Dear Maki,

I am a man of my word. If that is what you truly believe will make you happy, you may date that girl for however long you like. And to show that I respect your decision to stay with her, I will not make you go through any marriage interviews like what I had been discussing with you before. You have made your choice, and as your father, I will stand by you either way.

It was a nice opening paragraph, she had to admit. It was good to know that she still had her family’s support, even though she was dating another girl. But at the same time, it didn’t answer even one of the questions created when she woke up this morning. If anything, it only muddied the waters. So she kept reading, hoping to find out more about just what had happened.

But just as I kept my word about allowing you to date her, I have also kept my word about there being consequences for your actions. This is not just a consequence for your defiance, but also for the fact that you are fifteen years old, yet you apparently cannot keep your sheets dry most nights. I will now explain the new rules of this house that have come into play as a result. You would to best to read them carefully and abide by them without resistance.

Well, that was a complete tone shift. Straight from acceptance to punishment. To add insult to injury, the maids had apparently told Maki’s father about her bedwetting… she felt her face flush just thinking about how that conversation went. She couldn’t exactly stop reading at that point, so she fought to keep her blush down as she continued on.

First and foremost, you are to wear diapers at all times, whether in the house or otherwise. No other underwear (with the exception of bras) will be permitted for you. As such, I have had the maids take all your disallowed underwear away until further notice and replace them with diapers. I can assure you that the ones in the drawer are of the highest quality in terms of performance, but if you cannot tolerate the designs, then you must buy your own diapers. I must warn you, however, that the ones you will find in stores will be vastly inferior to the ones you already have, which will mean changing much more frequently to prevent leaks.

Even after just reading the first rule, she already felt like she was being nailed into a coffin. Why force her to wear them all the time? She didn’t need them during the day at all! But she also noticed that he seemed to have researched this a whole lot… and the supplies in her drawer must have been from online. Which meant he had been planning this for at least several days, and that the defiance aspect may not have had anything to do with it at all, since it just happened the night before. With a great sigh, she kept reading.

Second, while in this house, the only kind of covering you are allowed to wear is a skirt or dress. This is to make checking the state of your diaper, as well as changing you if need be, easier. For that reason, the maids have also removed all pants and shorts from your room until further notice. If you want to wear them while out of the house, such as for school or outings, then you must come to a maid before leaving and ask them to get it for you. But be warned that wearing those types of bottoms, especially if they are tight, will make it easier for onlookers to notice the diaper underneath.

Maki didn’t even bother checking her dresser for this. After replacing all her underwear with diapers, why would he bother bluffing about taking all her pants? But still, this was getting to be ridiculous. And she’d probably need to go buy some more longer skirts with Nico, because she didn’t exactly have a whole bunch that would totally safely hide the bulk of a diaper, especially one as thick as these. She kept reading after shaking her head at the insanity.

Those are the new rules. And to ensure that you follow them without resistance, I have taken measures to keep you obedient. I’m sure that by now, you’ve noticed the pain in your lower back. I know you’re wondering why it is there. What happened is this: last night, I had someone surgically implant a device in you. This device senses when you need to pee by intercepting the nerve signals normally sent to your brain, then responds by making your bladder to empty on its own, regardless of your consent. Which means that as of right now, you are bladder incontinent. You now need diapers all the time. In three months’ time, I will consider taking it out and giving you your old clothes back. Until then, it is not up for discussion.

Sincerely,

Your father

The redhead sunk to her knees in despair as the letter dropped to the ground. This was… this was going too far! Why would he go to such lengths to do this to his own child? It didn’t make sense, and it was wrong on so many levels!

Right on cue, she noticed an odd sensation. The sudden warmth down there and the feeling of liquid pooling around her crotch, it was unmistakable. It felt like she was peeing. But she hadn’t even felt the urge to go at all. The device he talked about really did intercept the signals…

Tears began building up in the corners of her eyes as the stream of urine she couldn’t even control slowed to a dribble, then stopped entirely. It had been bad enough to slowly lose her bladder control at night, but this… this was worse. She went from just wetting when she slept right to having no control of her pee whatsoever. Even if she had them, she couldn’t keep her panties dry anymore.

She really… needed diapers. The thought was enough to make the tears start rolling down her face. She leaned against the dresser as her whole body began to shake with misery. She had no idea how she was going to make it through an entire month of this, let alone three…

For the next thirty minutes, anyone who came close enough to her room could clearly hear the sound of her pitiful sobs.

Yeah, I know. I wrote Maki into a pretty horrible position. But before I inevitably get asked “isn’t what her dad did illegal?”, I’m going to just come right out and say that it definitely is by American standards. Not quite sure if it’s also illegal in Japan, where they live, since I don’t know how their legal system works, but… well, it’s going to be a bit more complicated than ‘he went too far, he goes to jail.’

That said, I’m sure that people have a lot more questions to ask about this, since I left a whole lot of unanswered ones. If you go ahead and ask them, I’ll make sure that they get answered in part two or three.

And for those of you thinking I’m a total asshole or something to that effect for writing such an unfair fanfic… you’d best just leave this one if you don’t think you can tolerate this kind of story. Not gonna lie, it gets even worse in part two. So if you were uncomfortable reading this one, then sorry to say, you’re not going to like where it goes next installment, either. I may give her some sort of happy ending in part three if I feel like it, but chances are, that one is going to be unfair, too.

Well, I stayed up later than I planned to in order to finish this. I hope it was worth it. Let me know what you thought of it if you have the time!

See you next time!

*002*2016-07-24 23:43

{{2 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Well that's fucked up what sort of father would do that to his daughter?

Plus, I've also got to ask why put Maki through something like this I mean her life was bad enough already. But this will make it even worse she will be now totally embarrassed and depressed about wetting herself all the time. Yet what if other people find out about this how is she going to deal with their reactions?

}}

Well, to be fair, I did kind of warn people that this one was going to be horribly unfair. So I mean, yeah, it's fucked up, but I never pretended it wouldn't be. And sometimes real life is like this, or worse. For example, many Muslim (and some Jewish) women get beat to death or otherwise killed by their own families for turning down marriage proposals. Which kind of makes what Maki's father did seem like a light punishment by comparison. Just saying, it can always get worse.

But anyway, your questions will be addressed in part two or three. I said I'd do that, and I intend to follow through. Though with such a kneejerk reaction to just part one, I'd advise carefully considering whether you want to read the next installment or not, since it'll be even worse in some respects.

If you're wondering, this will be the only fic in the series that is so unfair to its protagonist. It was largely me experimenting with the idea of making a story where justice/good does not prevail. Every other one of my Love Live fics will be lighter and happier... most likely, anyway. At the very least, all the others will have happy, fair endings.

*004*2016-07-25 00:52

{{29 minutes ago, SashaButters said:

Squee! Nico and maki! I'll read this when I get home!

}}

It occurred to me after reading this that I made the fic of the most popular ship that happens in my collective Love Live AU be the most screwed up and unfair one out of all of them. Not exactly my smartest business/popularity decision.

I guess what I'm trying to say is... don't expect a happy/just ending unless you want to be let down big time.

*007*2016-07-25 21:48

{{5 hours ago, SashaButters said:

Ah, that wasnt that bad. You had me worried. Weird? Yes, but i've read sooooo much worse. It kind of reminds me of The Story of Poor Fabbie. I believe thats what it was called.

}}

Oh, I remember that one! Now that you mention it, I can see some similarities... but they seem to be coincidental, at least on a conscious level. I haven't read that story in about a year and I don't remember anything specific enough for it to be of any use.

{{5 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Will we at let see Maki get a happy ending?

Well, one thing I do enjoy when someone wet's themselves and has now control over it while I do like that aspect of this story. I'm glad that you haven't done anything to Nico yet though it might have crossed your mind. Just asking will there ever come a time when your other characters will ever find out the true about the others having to wear diapers?

}}

Maki will have... an ending, that's for sure. Whether you could call it happy or not will be subject to your own interpretation of the events.

If I do anything with Nico, it won't be as unfair as what I'm doing with Maki. I can assure you that much. I may make a Nico-centric sequel to this fic that will bridge the time between Maki's diapering and Umi's. Since The Price of Freedom takes place over a course of four months, all of which are during the middle of the Japanese school year... whereas Leaking Love takes place from the end of that same school year to the beginning of the next.

Also, because of the way I have it set up, a lot of the characters will figure out that there are other members of Muse wearing diapers, but they don't really talk with each other about it because it is understandably a hard subject to breach. For example, in the next part of Leaking Love, Umi indirectly finds out that Maki, Hanayo and Nozomi all probably wear diapers, but doesn't do anything to confirm her suspicions because it would be an invasion of privacy.

Speaking of Leaking Love, it'll be my next release, probably. I just finished with the second of three planned scenes in part two last night, and it's over 2k words now. After I get that out, the next thing on the list is a Honoka/Tsubasa fic (titled Un-training Partner) that is significantly lighter and happier than The Price of Freedom has been/will be. So you can look forward to that.

*011*2016-09-30 07:10

{{On 9/28/2016 at 1:46 PM, Night Rain said:

I know it's been a few months but I was wondering if we were ever going to see part 2 to this?

}}

{{On 9/28/2016 at 9:35 PM, poads said:

I would also like to see more.

}}

Oh hey, people actually still remember this exists on omo org! Cool, gives me a good excuse to paraphrase what I recently said on Deviant Art.

So, here's the shtick: I've been focusing primarily on making sure the upcoming content update to my game, Angels and Demons (which can be found in all its buggy glory here

), is ready for beta testing by the October first. As such, productivity on other things such as my fanfics (whether ABDL or otherwise) has naturally decreased. But I haven't just totally stopped working on stories and ideas either... come the official release of AaD's 1.1 update, I'll be more specific, but here's a generalized list of what to expect me to work on in the next month. Note that not all of them will definitely see a release in that time frame, but most likely, all of them will be worked on at least a bit, and probably not in the order I mention them.

First off, Leaking Love's third part, which is in the start of its last scene. Spoiler warning: some of you might not like how it goes.

Second, The Price of Freedom's (this thread's fic's) second part, which has already gotten its shitty info dump of a beginning rewritten into a serviceable scene. Not much more has gotten done, though.

Third, a brand new original story, based on a news story I read online a while back of rather questionable accuracy, where it says that young adult women in Japan often wear diapers to work to save time by eliminating restroom breaks.

And finally, one more that I'm not going to talk about. I'll say it's a fanfic, and that it's yuri-related, but other than that, I don't want to spoil anything just in case a certain person is watching. They don't know who they are, but I've left a paper trail on a particular green-colored site in case anyone wants to see if it's them...

Anyway, I'm done talking now. I have about forty-eight hours to haul RPG Making ass and get my demo ready for beta-testing, and it's not looking like it's going to be easy on my sleep.

*012*2016-10-06 06:43

To be honest, this story has left me kind of conflicted about what to do with it. I’m not sure whether I want to give it one more part or whether I want to save the events of that part for the Nico-centric fic, which is a direct continuation to this story, but from Nico’s perspective.

Well, more accurately, the Nico-centric fic will start from right about where this part left off, regardless of whether this fic gets a third installment or not. It really comes down to whether or not you also want to see the rest of the ending scene’s day from Maki’s perspective as well as Nico’s… while you can have both, that would make it take longer to make either one, since I’d have to make sure they were both consistent with each other with more precision than normal.

Since I don’t really know whether I want to write the day twice or not, I’m just gonna leave it to my audience. For those on Deviant Art, I’ll put up a poll for you to vote on, and for those on Omo org, just reply on this story’s thread with what you’d rather me do. All votes/comments will be taken into consideration and counted when making my final decision.

Well, I’ve said enough for one note. On with the story!

The Price of Freedom

Part Two: Trial Period

On a certain important morning, Maki woke up to the all-too familiar feeling of cold, clammy dampness around her crotch. The sheets didn’t feel wet, so she knew her underwear hadn’t leaked – not that it ever did, the brand her family supplied her with was top notch.

After rubbing the sleep from her eyes, the Nishikino heiress sat up, moving herself until her legs hung over the edge of her king-sized canopy bed. As she did, she noticed the padding of her diaper grow a bit warmer, indirectly informing her that the force of gravity had emptied what little was left in her bladder. She sighed at what had unfortunately become a common occurrence in the past few weeks.

Namely, the fact that she couldn’t actually feel it when she wet herself. The only way she could notice by this point was if she were paying close attention to the state of her diaper – her body seemed to have completely numbed her ability to personally feel it happening. It was a fairly recent development, and quite the unnerving one, considering what was coming up.

In just a few hours, her time in diapers would come to an end. It had been a long, grueling three months, but she had made it through to the end of her father’s punishment. Her father had told her that after lunch on this fall day, he would discuss returning her normal underwear and pants. This should have been wonderful news that filled her with joy, but instead, it filled her with a strong sense of dread.

The reason for the opposite feeling was just how far her continence had degraded over three months of being physically unable to hold it due to the device implanted in her lower back. She couldn’t even tell when she was peeing, and her bladder had undoubtedly shrunk considerably, considering how frequent and how small her accidents had become. Even if the device were to be taken out and she were to get her panties back, she wasn’t sure whether she’d be able to consistently keep them dry.

She had the dreadful suspicion that her bladder incontinence was no longer only a result of the device implanted in her. That even without it, she’d still, at least functionally, need to wear diapers. It was a depressing thought, but at the same time, it wasn’t something she could simply ignore, either.

But for the moment, all she could do was go through the day as normal until the promised time arrived. And first and foremost, that meant getting changed into a clean diaper.

“You may enter.”

This was the response to Maki’s quick knocks on her father’s study room door. She turned the silver handle and opened it, walking through and closing the door behind her. Inside, she saw her father sitting at his desk, with an extra chair prepared across from him, likely for her to sit in. At her father’s gesture, the Nishikino heiress walked over and sat down across from him.

“Starting tomorrow, we will begin a two-week trial period with the device turned off,” he began, getting right to the heart of the matter. “During this time, you will wear pull-on style protective undergarments at all times except for when you go to bed, where you will wear what you have been these past few months to ensure the sheets stay dry. If you can keep the pull-ups dry, we will give you your normal underwear back at the end of the two-week period.”

Maki nodded. Part of her had expected something like this. And beyond that, she knew that wearing some sort of protection would probably be for the best, at least for the time being. But even still, there was one thing he hadn’t really addressed – what if she didn’t keep the pull-ups dry?

“In order to be given your normal underwear back at the end of the two- week period, you will also have to have been dry during the day for at least three full days,” he went on, almost as if he had known what his daughter was thinking. “If that condition is not met, then your time in pull-ups will be extended another two weeks.”

“Okay…” it wasn’t as if she had a say anyway, so voicing her concern likely wouldn’t do any good.

“Finally, each morning before school, you will be given three spare pull-ups, just in case,” he continued on as if she hadn’t said anything. “If, by the time you return home, more than two have been used, including the one you are wearing upon arrival, or any have leaked onto your clothes, then the two-week trial will end immediately and you will be returned to diapers full-time until I next see fit to try again. And don’t think you can hide them at school or throw them away; any that are missing upon your return will be automatically counted as soiled. Are we clear?”

“… Yes, father…” this time, it took significantly more willpower to force out her acceptance.

Ne nodded. “Good. Then you are dismissed.”

As she got up and walked out, the dominant thought that ran through her head was a simple, yet so very depressingly appropriate question. Maybe it wouldn’t have applied if she had only been in the current situation for a few weeks, rather than a few months. But as things were now, the question definitely did seem reasonable, with context.

With things so obviously set up for her to fail, just how long would she last before being returned to diapers once again?

The following morning, Maki got up in a similar manner to how she had the past few months. She awoke to a wet diaper, uncontrollably peed in it again as she sat up, then made her way over to her dresser to get some clothes for after her morning shower. The first major difference occurred upon opening her underwear drawer.

The day before, it had been filled with the infantile yet amazingly absorbent adult diapers that her family supplied to her. But this time, she saw that most of the drawer was taken up by particularly thick, adult-sized pull-ups instead, though there was some space still allotted for yesterday’s sole occupants. Rather than being decorated with childish designs, these violet, cloth-textured pull-ups seemed to be of medical grade.

The Nishikino heiress grabbed one before closing the drawer. Around that time, she finally took notice of the paper taped to the top of her dresser, with her father’s handwriting on it. She picked it up and began to read:

“Since the device will be turned off in the car on the way to school, if the pull-up you are wearing at the time is wet already, it will not be held against you.”

That was all it contained. The message left her a bit conflicted, to say the least. On the one hand, she appreciated the consideration for her position and felt thankful for the small amount of leeway. On the other, the whole reason she was in this situation in the first place was because of him, and it was honestly kind of weird to see him show such leniency after being strict to a downright sociopathic degree.

As Maki’s girlfriend had so often informed her, what her father had done was illegal, through and through. Nico sometimes became insistent that the redhead try to take this whole to court, but she never agreed, for a multitude of reasons of varying importance.

First off, even if what he did was wrong, he was still her father. Even if she did have the heart to report what had happened to the police, and he actually ended up being punished for it, that would most likely end up doing Maki herself more harm than good. It would completely alienate her from quite possibly her entire family for the rest of her life.

Second, her father was the head of a prestigious hospital. If word got out that he made his own daughter incontinent without her consent, not only would it destroy her family name’s reputation and likely force them to stop leading the hospital, but it would also very likely damage her reputation as a school idol. Who would be her fan knowing that she couldn’t even tell when she had to pee and had to wear diapers all the time? And with the doctor career path taken from her, being an idol would be the only thing left that she actually knew how to do… but the stigma of being incontinent could follow her name for the rest of her life if word got out, so that wouldn’t be a possible career path, either.

And finally, there was the simple matter of her father being incredibly wealthy. Even if this case actually made it to a courtroom, he could afford to get the best lawyer possible to defend him. And since he was her father, he’d likely have some degree of influence over what lawyer she ended up getting. Which meant that the odds of actually winning the case were stacked against her… and if she lost, she’d not only have to deal with the stigma of everyone knowing she was incontinent, but also the stigma of people thinking she was a liar who tried to falsely blame the her own problem on him. That’s what people would assume at first glance, even if it wasn’t remotely true.

Because of these things, she couldn’t even consider trying to prosecute her father. So she just did her best to deal with his decision, even though it was morally and legally wrong and had caused her such despair. There wasn’t anything else she really could do, with the way things were.

And besides… despite what he had done… he still allowed her to continue to date Nico. No matter how much he disliked it, he had kept his word and never bothered her about it again. And in addition, he had entirely stopped discussing the idea of her marrying anyone else. Even if he didn’t approve of it personally, he still wholly accepted her decision to be with the one she actually loved.

And she couldn’t help but be grateful for that, even after all that he’d done to her.

“So then, you’re wearing one now?”

After Maki finished her explanation of the current state of affairs, the first thing her girlfriend did was to ask this rather odd question. But with the context of the last three months added in, the twin-tailed girl saying something strange… was by no means strange. So rather than getting overly embarrassed about it and then becoming unable to be honest, the redhead simply nodded and lifted her skirt.

Nico crouched down, boldly and shamelessly examining her lover’s light violet pull-up. At first she just looked at it, but before long, she got bored of that and gave it a few pokes with her index finger. This was already embarrassing enough for the first year, but her girlfriend still didn’t seem to be satisfied. Around the time the ruby-eyed girl’s hand cupped the undergarment, it became too much to bear.

Thwack! “Nico-chan, knock it off already!” As she shouted and struck, her bag swung around wildly on her shoulder from the big jostle.

The older girl stood up straight again, admiring the fierce blush she’d put on Maki’s face with a smug smirk as the latter hurriedly covered her undergarment with her skirt again. She didn’t even seem fazed at being hit atop her head. “Not bad. But that one’s wet already, isn’t it? Not a good sign that you didn’t even last until first period.”

The first year shook her head with closed eyes at the direction this conversation was headed. But at the same time, she had to acknowledge her girlfriend’s tactics. The pull-up didn’t have a wetness indicator and the lighting of the nurse’s private bathroom wasn’t very good, so she’d felt the garment up to figure out whether it had already been used. But that just begged a big question: why did she even want to know?

But she really should answer the question asked to her before going and asking questions of her own. “Dad didn’t turn the device off until the car ride to school, so he said this first one doesn’t count.”

Nico gave a mild frown. “Then why are we here, again? There are better places in the school to talk in private besides the nurse’s private restroom. If we’re not going to use it, why did we come here? We’re not the only students in the school who have a reason to use this place over the normal bathrooms.”

“Actually… I’m going to change into a new pull-up before first period starts.”

“Well, if you’re okay with losing your uncounted accidents right away, why not?” Her girlfriend seemed perplexed, but not really upset with her for what might seem like poor judgment at first glance. “But that still doesn’t explain why I’m here.”

The redhead would be inclined to side with the older girl’s logic and keep the pull-up on, under normal circumstances. However, two big things stood in the way of that stance being a good one to take. First off, the whole two-week trial period was set up for her to fail from the start. Did it even really matter if a few of her accidents went uncounted on the first day alone? Her continence wouldn’t likely improve enough to make up for that in a single day, so on day two, those same early morning leaks would be fully counted against her. It didn’t make much sense to rely on leeway to get by on day one when she wouldn’t have it to rely on later.

The second issue was more of a sensory problem. Specifically, it was something Maki had become very aware of since around the time she left her house: her new pull-ups didn’t retain heat nearly as well as her diapers did. Because of that, if she wet one, it would get very cold, very quickly. The one she was currently wearing was already cold enough to keep her from being able to fully concentrate on things that didn’t naturally demand her full, undivided attention. Which meant that she’d likely have trouble focusing in class like this, especially in the more boring ones.

She decided to go with the second one when explaining her rationale. “I can’t focus very well like this. The pull-ups get cold when wet, and it’s distracting. And you’re here to help me change.”

“It’s a pull-up, and you’re wearing a skirt. You don’t need my help to change,” Nico pointed out before donning a cocky smirk. “Oh, I get it! You’re so used to dragging me here to change you that you didn’t realize it isn’t necessary anymore, right?”

“So what if I am? Not like I could help it!”

At times like these, the twin-tailed girl could really get under her skin and upset her without even trying. Maki knew that she shouldn’t take everything her lover said to heart when she was like this, but… the implication that it was against her girlfriend’s will, even if it was supposed to be a joke, really hurt… the redhead hung her head, hiding her face from her lover’s view with her bangs. She didn’t want to be seen like this…

“I’m sorry, Maki-chan. I may say things in the heat of the moment, but I changed you because I wanted to, okay? I…” her lover’s sudden apology caught the first year utterly off guard. Her voice started out strong, faded out into the sound of the bathroom fan, then came back even stronger. “I love you, whether you can hold in your pee or not, so I want to help you out any way that I can, all right? Even if that means changing your diapers for the rest of our lives.”

This declaration struck the perfect cross between incredibly awkward and surprisingly endearing. At times like these, Nico could really warm her heart with the immense, unconditional love, dedication and unwavering support she gave the pianist.

Damn it. She was upset before, but now Maki was close to tears, and for the opposite reason. She felt so grateful and happy all of a sudden… “Thanks… weirdo. Now turn around so I can change. First period is probably going to start in a few minutes.”

“Kay.”

And just like that, the twin-tailed girl was no longer watching. The first year took this opportunity to reach under her skirt with both hands, grab her pull-up, pull it down to her knees and survey the damage. She found that it was even wetter than she remembered it being when she checked it right before leaving the car for school. She couldn’t tell whether it was just bad memory or whether she had actually peed in it more, but either way, it was a bad sign to some degree.

Having already decided on her course of action, Maki ripped the undergarment off at the sides, which were made to tear apart, then rolled it up and used the tab on the back to fasten it together. She then tore her bag’s Velcro fastening apart before pulling it open, put the used cloth-like garment in it, and pulled out a fresh one.

She opened it up and stretched it out as much as possible without tearing it, then held it out in front of her. She lifted her right foot first, fitting it through the corresponding leg hole slowly so as to make sure not to tear it. Her left foot followed suit in a similar fashion, and after that, she pulled it up all the way and smoothed her skirt down over it.

“Okay, I’m done,” she declared in a rather quiet, but not inaudible, voice. “You can turn around now.”

Nico turned around and quickly moved in before the first year could react, grabbing her skirt and lifting it up to get a good look at the garment underneath. Maki’s face erupted into a fierce blush that rivaled her hair in redness as her lover shamelessly patted, pressed and felt up her pull-up.

“Nico-chan, would you quit that?!” Thwack!

The ruby-eyed girl let go of the skirt and stood up straight with a somewhat defensive expression. “Come on, I was just checking to see how it fits you! Those things aren’t exactly custom made for the wearer’s body, you know!”

“Then say that first instead of just flipping my skirt with no explanation!” Really, did she have no common sense whatsoever?!

The redhead had to admit that she was grateful that her girlfriend supported her despite her incontinence. But at times like these, it almost seemed like Nico was a little too supportive. She couldn’t explain it very well, but… it seemed like her lover was always a little too eager to do things like that, even if she always had a good explanation for her actions.

She sighed, shaking her head before beginning to explain. “I don’t know for sure, but I think these pull-ups were actually designed to fit me. With how my dad runs the hospital, he might have been able to strike some sort of deal with a manufacturer to get them custom made.”

The twin-tailed girl nodded. “That would explain why it seems to fit you perfectly. Anyway, shouldn’t we get out of here now that we’re finished? Class is about to start.”

“Yeah…”

With that and an awkward nod, Maki walked over to the bathroom door, unlocked it, turned the handle and pulled it open. As the gap between the door and the frame grew wider, her eyes did the same. Standing right outside the door was a certain violet-haired member of Muse, looking quite amused.

It was Toujou Nozomi, one of the students that, as Nico had put it, had a reason to use the nurse’s private restroom over the normal bathrooms. That reason being that, due to a blow to the spine near the start of the school year, she had very limited, but not nonexistent, control over her bladder and bowels, so she had to wear pull-ups. From what Maki knew about spinal injuries, it was a miracle that those were the only complications that arose with the incident, but she knew it was still kind of depressing for the third year to be forever struggling to make it to the restroom in time.

“S-sorry for the wait, Nozomi-san,” the redhead said with a bow as she walked out, her girlfriend following close behind her.

The taller third year smiled gently and shook her head. “Don’t worry about it. I told Eli to tell the teacher I had to go to the nurse’s office, so it won’t matter if I’m a little late. Nico-chan, are we still on for after school today?”

“Yeah, definitely,” the ruby-eyed girl responded almost emphatically, giving her classmate a thumbs-up before turning towards the exit to the nurse’s office. “But we should really be getting to—”

Almost as if right on cue, a blaringly loud, obnoxious ringing cut into their conversation, telling them that class had officially started. Maki couldn’t deny she felt a small amount of relief at not having to rush, but a much bigger part of her was upset with herself for being late to class. Well, at least she’d have a chance to ask Nico what she and Nozomi were doing after school that day on the way to class… or so she thought, until another loud sound nearly startled her half to death.

“Don’t worry about the bell, you two!” a voice called out from further into the office – the voice of the school nurse. “I’ll call your teachers and tell them you were here, so you won’t be counted as late. But don’t take that as an excuse to skip out – I’m only giving you five minutes before you’ll be late anyway!”

Part of the first year’s mind registered all of that, but a much bigger, more dominant part of her brain was focused on something she noticed right when the interruption first caught her off guard. Her pull-up suddenly grew a bit warmer, as if she had wet herself a little – no, she was positive that that was exactly what happened. But… she couldn’t even feel her bladder release, much less try to stop it from happening. She didn’t even feel the urge to go beforehand.

Well, that was it, then. She could already tell how this was going to go. If she couldn’t even feel the need to pee, nor stop it from happening, then only one fate awaited her.

One way or another, she would be back in diapers before she even went to bed.

Now it might be a little clearer why I’m so conflicted over a third part. At this point, Maki has already given up on getting her panties back, which in itself is a form of conclusion, whether it’s satisfying or not. And since she’s gonna go through the entire day without even bothering to try to keep her pull-ups dry, there’s no real suspense to the story, because we all know how it will end.

But at the same time, I also really want to write out the scene when she gets home from school and her father finds out that she didn’t even last a single day even with the crutch of one non-counted pull-up. And I want to write it from Maki’s perspective, since Nico won’t be there and none of the other possible perspectives make sense to write from.

So I’m kind of stuck in this crossroad of indecision. Any help with deciding would be appreciated! Oh, but before anyone does vote or comment… just know that either way, the Nico-centric fic is what I’ll be starting next, regardless of the outcome, because I know I want to do that.

Yes, I know the Nico fic is technically a new story, and by the adjusted results of a recent Deviant Art poll, I should be focusing on what I have out first, but think about it for a second. The Nico fic is a direct sequel to this one – or rather, it’s just a continuation from a different perspective. So it sort of counts as something I already have out, since it’s not exactly a fic that stands on its own without context, you know? At least, that’s my own self-justification.

Okay, I’ve kept you for long enough. Please vote or comment telling me what I should do about this fic, and I’ll see you all next time!

*014*2016-10-07 03:59

{{7 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Why not write Maki's perspective first which would give the story its end. Then write one from Nico's which can be an alternate ending if you want to think of it that way?

}}

Because Nico's fic will be much longer (probably at least five to ten parts if not more) and would by no means be considered an ending, so much as an ongoing continuation... and it also won't be an alternate one because not only do they take place in the same universe, but they're also closely related with one another and TPoF's second part's ending is quite literally the start of the Nico fic's first scene.

Plus, the way part two ended could also be considered an ending as is. Not a particularly satisfying one, but it still counts.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not negating your opinion here. I'm just saying that even if I were to write both the Nico fic (which is tentatively titled The Price of Desire) and a part three to TPoF, they wouldn't be treated as separate stories because they're honestly not. One is a direct continuation to the other.

